i like the one in which toothless smiles toothlessly at hiccup for the first time .
it turns out dragons are just big kitty - cats : they like to be petted , there  ' s a kind of grass that  ' s like cat - nip to them , and they love fish ( but hate eels ) . )
this is a huge accomplishment for dreamworks animation , it might actually be its best animated feauture it yet .
i may of had the most fun that i  ' ve ever had in cinema watching how to train your dragon .
this is why you go to the movies
never watched it .
final half of the second story
compared to its predecessors , i found the first movie highly gripping for its unique roughness and interesting characters , while the sequel did n ' t really catch me due to a plain storyline and little creativity .
this may eventually be a teaser lurking me into reading the books
my favorite character was paulie .
i give  ' rocky ii  '  a hearty recommendation it  ' s a truly solid sequel that surprises us right when we expect to be disappointed .
he is greeted with the cheers and encouragement of onlookers as he runs through the streets of south philadelphia
i like them ; they entertain me , and i think they all serve their purpose .
i think it was the worst american pie of the 3
this movie is very similar to the original and normally i have a problem with this .
most of them are good but the first one stands on it  ' s own . always been a favourite of mine .
i  ' ll be first to admit that i hate teen comedies in general and typically frown upon most of them  -  i did n ' t even like  "  there  ' s something about mary  "  too much , although i  ' m not sure it  ' s really a  "  teen  "  film .
i think it was a great movie and a good modern twist on the classic .
the cgi becomes a distraction here ; it  ' s when things look too perfect that they lose believability such as freddy bending the wall above nancy .
that was scary , creative and left people thinking that perhaps nancy was imagining krueger and that rod had hung himself .
incredibly disappointing , a slap in the face to true horror fans
i liked the one with the dance by uma thurman and john travolta
i agree i think the movie is nothing special
there  ' s a nice moral progression to the stories . we presume that vincent hesitates to sleep with mia out of fear rather than loyalty . later , butch  ' s act of heroism could be motivated by honor , but we  ' re never sure .
none of the stories are really  "  about  "  anything . they certainly are not about hit - men pontificating about burgers . nor is the film really a satire or a farce , although it contains elements of both .
my favorite character was ruth sunday because she seemed to be the only compassionate character in the movie .
and the cinematography ? welcome to the old days of film . the glory days of hollywood . anderson gives us one of the most beautifully shot and directed films in recent memory
every moment feels more epic than the last , until the film becomes such a towering cinematic spectacle that the end leaves the viewer exhausted .
and casablanca is n ' t gon na be in theaters again any time soon . but in the meantime , there will be blood is just about as good , and will likely haunt our generation as much as the hollywood studio epics of the past ...
my favorite character was max fischer , his delusional world outlook is wonderful .
the contrast of max  ' s middle - class background with the wealthy and privileged lives of most rushmore students feeds max  ' s determination to make a name for himself .
they simply will not appeal to those out there who want clichd hollywood fodder .
anderson breaks convention in ways no one has done before  -  one has to understand that his films are deep where most films are shallow , and shallow where most films are deep .
i think it was a overly intense , overly gory movie , i love horror movies , but it was ridiculous in the amount of gore .
of course as has been the case with all the sequels thus far , the message is n ' t quite as clear here as it was in the original , and the ideas always seem to be justifying the gore rather than the other  - more appropriate -  way around
a stumble , but still on mission .
not enough for anyone else , but fans should enjoy it for the most part .
but it  ' s still solid and entertaining .
although it  ' s easy to interpret total recall in a very straightforward manner , so that the bulk of what we  ' re seeing at any particular moment and the bulk of the dialogue are the literal reality , very convincing arguments can be made that the majority of the film is a depiction of quaid  ' s memory implant while in the  "  patient  ' s chair  "  at rekall .
what matters more than thinking one has a  "  right answer  "  , though , is the deeply captivating story that provokes our interpretations and the amount of fun we have getting there .
my favorite character was jim carrey  - ace
sure , this is cheeseball comedy , but jim carrey makes it memorable .
jim carrey is quite simply amazing , i never stopped laughing the whole way through the movie .
everything ace does made me laugh , from whipping football player  ' s with a towel to get a ring imprint to showing up at a mansion party and being his usual manic self . 100 laughs per hour , if you have a sense of humour , then this movie is for you !
my favorite character was danny glover , he gave true emotions in the movie .
it introduced a whole new bunch of pred weapons , tactics and behavior which never ever seemed out of place and were perfect fits .
i love this movie !
i like the one in which po first gets to the panda village .
such a beautiful film . not as dark as the previous kung fu panda , but still a pleasure to watch .
a full - blooded , joyous , intelligent celebration of a beloved cultural icon
liked the movie a lot , especially the little details . for example , q  ' s coffee mug had a scrabble letter tile value chart on it . perfect .
one minute he ca n ' t shoot ... 10 seconds later he shoots everyone in a 360 arc ?
i loved that they brought back the original office , with the same desk , coat rack and leather padded door .
i liked the one in which clark uncovers the capsule that brought him to earth .
not that bad of a sequel . i
i thought prior was great .
i hear people complain all the time that they hate the comedy that prior brought to the film because superman is supposed to be , and these are actual quotes ,  "  gritty  "  and  "  realistic  "  .
the individual moments , not the payoff , that make it so effective .
here you have this  "  typical  "  21  -  year  -  old , drinking with his friends , getting into fights , etc etc , but you look below the surface and there  ' s a lot more to him .
skylar asks will to move to california with her , where she will begin medical school at stanford
i also liked to watch how will behaved around his buddies ; the four guys really seemed as if they had known each other all their lives .
overall , i thought this movie was believable and touching , without your typical ending .
i like the one in which inigo montoya finally gets to fight the man who killed his father .
i felt the same way after watching the big lebowski 5 years after it been out .
one that easily coincides with the film  ' s sensibilities .
for the scene of swordplay , elwes and patinkin had to study fencing for months , which is impressive , but on - screen , i had no trouble believing that they were characters who had studied for at least several years .
i liked the one in which ryan gosling does the lift with emma stone
bittersweet ,
i enjoyed everything about this movie .
they are not given nearly as much to do as the guys , but hold their own on -  screen .
i liked the one in which james bond meets raoul silva for the first time when bond is tied to the chair and silva playfully teases him about his plans and asks him to join him while revealing his feelings about
the third henchman grabs bond  ' s  "  signature  "  pistol and tries to shoot him , but the palm - print id wo n ' t let the gun activate itself .
liked the movie a lot , especially the little details . for example , q  ' s coffee mug had a scrabble letter tile value chart on it . perfect
loved it . deakins did work , as usual . guy is pure class .
i think it was a great movie and a good sequel .
more of the same , but it  ' s welcome
the rest of the cast all pretty much played their parts well , so i am pleased to announce that there are n ' t any exceptionally bad actors or actresses .
in addition of the immersive storyline , it created a much enjoyable film . for a sequel , this actually surprised me because i enjoyed this movie as much as i did the first .
i think the movie was a wonderful cinematic experience for his time .
you won ! you won !  "  he cries , reaching for charlie to hug him .
gene wilder revealed ...
one of my all - time favourites .
i think it was a great movie and they did a good job depicting what  "  happened  "  , they brought it to a level that children growing up in the 90  ' s could understand .
it  ' s a goofy , simple and hilairous movie about a gun deal going bad .
i loved the sound design in this film , the loudness of the gunshots especially in my theatre made the showing that lot more intense
my favorite character was the spanard .
hello , my name is inigo montoya . you killed my father . prepare to die !
i watched this movie *every day* for a year when i was a kid .
i watched it with my parents when i was very young , and have been watching it constantly ever since .
the movie has a place in my heart , and that will never go away .
i think it was overrated .
i love his description of his supercomputer .  "  this is a super - duper , mamma jamma of computers .  " 
not that bad of a sequel .
like office space with a super hero
i will admit that when compared to the first two films , this is obviously inferior .
my favorite character was the killer .
still way better than all the post 2000 iterations
insanely bad !
wow , one of the most bizarre horror franchises ever !
it  ' s been an abomination . you really must accept my sincere apologies .  " 
my favorite character was will as he a genius .
beautiful in its own way .
this movie has a brilliant script ...
a slow burner , a fine achievement
they won the academy award for best original screenplay ! on a side note , i expect affleck to win best director within 10 years .
i think it was the best in the franchise .
did n ' t capture the magic of the first two . but better than the 3rd installment .
just let the franchise die in peace . in my opinion it peaked with the second movie .
shrek is love , shrek is life
just picture it : a green five with the shrek ears . you  ' ll see that . it  ' ll be a real thing and you know it .
my favorite character was chigurh . even though he was a reprehensible villain , he dominates every second on screen .
wish i loved it
coens firing on all cylinders . brilliant .
if you want to see an intelligent , superbly acted , powerful , beautiful cinematic treat that will remind you of the true power of cinema see it , see it , see it . it  ' s a masterpiece . bravo ethan and joel .
despicable snuff film with pseudo - intellectual pretensions
i like the one in which the rainstorm starts .
no bombs , no car chases but edge of the seat stuff none the less
simple but great .
i started watching this film on a bored relaxed laying about day but by the end i was on the edge of the seat with my hands on my knees feeling more tense than a politician on results day .
my favorite character was obviously the main character because through his perseverance he was able to escape a dangerous situation .
the same tired old jokes and clich miscommunication story lines
it really is that bad ... !
greg actually catches jack spying on him on the train and after eight years of knowing each other , greg does n ' t confront him .
for the same reason i see all terrible movies ... to appreciate the incredible ones .
i like the one in which marty decided to go over to doc brown  ' s house and start messing with his gadgets .
how could anything be more fun than this ?
let your imagination fly
you got ta come back with me ...
doc gathers  "  fuel  "  by rummaging through a garbage can and loads it into a new addition to the car  ' s engine called mr .
i think it was a great movie .
man , now i feel like watching the whole series again .
simple horror at its best .
whoa ! a good sequel !
arguably the best of all nine sequels .
my favorite character was celine because she was very likable and seemed truly in love .
so so so good . cant stop thinking about it . i am the same age as the characters and every time these movies have struck deep .
absolutely fantastic . easily the best film of the year .
so little time , so much love .
this film requires incredibly subtle acting , and these are oscar worthy performances that will not be recognized because they are not showy .
my favorite character was the cop , leonard norton , because he was just an ordinary person thrust into a crazy situation and it was interesting to see how he handled himself .
one of the best sf / horror hybrids of the 90s
so that  ' s what those mystery stains are in the subway !
good for this type of movie
the directors cut is a significant step up in pacing and atmosphere
i think it was a pretty funny funny movie . jim carrey is a great actor
one of the greatest comedies i have ever seen
i loved the movie . i  ' m going to go enjoy a big bottle of gatorade and reflect on it .
the mask is undoubtedly one of my most favorite comedies and it has a steady place on my video shelf .
i think the movie was a wonderful cinematic experience for his time .
one of my all - time favourites .
timeless
i think my head just exploded ! very well written .
wilder has been known in the circles of movie creators as a creative genius for many years
i think it was good when i was younger , watching it now probably would n ' t be the same
fun & entertaining !
a surprise treat !
my favorite character was loki because he was the most exciting and complex character in the movie . he did n ' t have to choose a side or follow anyone  ' s rules .
those oil paintings during the end credits really did it for me .
the worst film of the year . loud , obnoxious and all over the place .
even more shallow than the first .
all style , no substance
i think it was unexpectedly excellent , a great movie
bittersweet , emotionally uplifting and distinctly hilarious
i enjoyed everything about this movie .
it works
the overall message may be one to debate but it does n ' t matter because the ride and this film are just so smart and so well done .
i liked the one in which the raptors almost get the children .
one of the greatest films ever made .
a groundbreaking , heart stomping , dino sized film
watch this at all costs if you have somehow missed it and see what everyone was amazed about back in 1993
i think it lacked purposed , but warner bros created opportunity for people
that  ' s enough ! no more pa for me .
laughter academy !
deplorable
this film had me in stitches !
i liked the one in which there was no dialogue  -  only ominous string music .
remember those hollywood studio epics ? me either . but we  ' re covered .
a film that will leave film - goers pondering for a long time
the truth hurts
i think it was a fun movie .
hysterically funny fistfights between colin firth and hugh grant
renee zellweger
that  ' s great to read ! loved renee in  "  down with love  " 
bridget is forced to admit to both men over dinner that they are potential fathers to her child , and she does n ' t know who the legitimate father is .
i think it was a great film , one of the best woody has made in the last decade .
where gil comes to realize that he has been transported to the 1920s
inez
where gil
a magical mystery tour de force .
i think it was quite funny and did a good job coming off as cartoonish in its style .
the first time we watched it we did not catch everything as our eyes were flooded with tears of laugh and our bellies hurt form laugh cramps . the story is really catching and jim carry is simply fabulous .
stanley ippkiss in his funny quest made me be happy with what i am and what i have .
stanley manages to get the mask off and peggy helps him escape , but then betrays him to tyrell for a $ 50,000 mob bounty .
this movie was incredible . cast , story , music , camera work . i  ' m really looking forward to whatever joel does next .
i think it was even better than the first hellboy . i loved prince nuada and also the relationship between nuala and abe .
never lets the fantasy become the focus of the film , instead concentrating on characters
70 times 70 magical mechanical soldiers .
del toro said that the third movie would require around 180 million dollars . the last one made around 160 total in theatres .
i liked the one in which clark uncovers the capsule that brought him to earth .
not that bad of a sequel .
i remember seeing this a lot when i was real young , so i have a special place for this film in my heart . i will always remember the scenes when superman fights the separate superman . the scene where that lady is turned into a robot used to scare me , but i think it  ' s cool now . a good saturday afternoon film .
christopher reeves is still the best superman , and richard pryor was okay .
to command an american weather satellite named vulcan to create a hurricane to decimate the nation  ' s coffee crop
i liked the one in which allen gamble describes his dark personality , gator , wanting to get out .
wahlberg and ferrell deliver hilariously .
dare i say this was will
will ferrell is finally funny again .
officers martin and fosse are lecturing a class of school children about poor decisions they will make in their lives and follows the call from gamble and hoitz .
i liked the one in which eli kills the bullies at the pool .
brilliantly original work of art , both horrifying and tender .
the first thing they do is
tomas alfredson has crafted a brilliant work of art that left me shaking my head with wonder .
you should try  "  near dark  " 
i think it was really great . the alternate ending really made a point about how sometimes even when we think we are doing the right thing , we do n ' t have all of the answers .
it  ' s a shame , really , because the concept is golden
i am legend has about as much to do with the book as world war z had to do with its book .
extravagant wrapping around an empty box .
i just want more .
i liked the one which had kris fowles transitioning into the dream in class .
quentin tries to accept that everything is nothing more than repressed memories , but he falls asleep during swim practice and witnesses what really happened to krueger .
quentin and nancy confront quentin  ' s father , alan smith ( clancy brown ) , about the reality they murdered krueger with no actual evidence that he had committed any crime .
every dream sequence is clearly defined , completely destroying any suspense .
incredibly disappointing , a slap in the face to true horror fans
its good to the film grossed between $ 475 million and $ 572 million worldwide .
the best film in the original trilogy .
it  ' s not the darkest of the trilogy  -  it  ' s the most mature .
the main story concerns the understanding that builds between han and leia . in the end they are honest with one another ; and if han  ' s being frozen and shipped back to tatooine is the price to pay for this , well , it  ' s the price to pay .
abandons yoda to rescue han and leia , and achieves nothing whatever .
i liked the one in which susan sees a strange man on the subway platform , but he turns out to be a giant insect who unfolds wings and grabs her .
watching this film you never really know whether or not any of the leading protagonists will make it out alive .
love movies where not even the kids are safe . really adds that next level danger and urgency .
there are a few too many convenient chance meetings and a few too many instances of people being in the right ( or wrong ) place at the right time .
the most character i liked was butch coolidge played by bruce willis ?
it to world war i
christopher walken
it has really awesome actors doing really ridiculous things .
it also resurrected the career of grease icon john travolta and highlighted the acting talent of samuel l jackson .
i think it was sad because i realized hiv / aids is a horrible disease .
while it  ' s defiantly not easy viewing and a bit of a downer to watch , it  ' s a truly inspiring ( and important ) true story and one of the years best films .
that the man truly is one of the best actors working in the business right now .
a hiv diagnosed man who went to extraordinary lengths to survive at a time when the aids epidemic was at it  ' s worst .
i actually forgot i was watching actors in a film and instead felt as if i was watching real people .
i think it was my favorite out of the die hard franchise ; it had added awesomeness with samuel l jackson in it .
that movie is the reason why i  ' ll forever know how to do that classic puzzle where you have to use only a five gallon jug and a three gallon jug to fill up the big one with exactly four gallons .
gold bullion
here is a film that wisely knows , as a second sequel , not to simply repeat the same material over again .
the elevator scene with john and the guards is one of the most tense and well directed scenes in an action film .
i will upvote die hard related posts until the day i die .
i think it was a good movie . the ending was good but not what i was expecting .
$ 281,666,058
i liked the one in which the baby toys were playing by themselves .
elise suggests that josh should use his ability to find and help return dalton  ' s soul , to which josh agrees .
sick of the same old parlor tricks and scare tactics that have been used for the past 10 years
scariest movie i  ' ve seen in years !
the further you travel , the darker it gets
i liked the one where neville and his dog , sam , go into a building after a deer and resulting fight with the darkseekers .
this film could easily have filled 2.5 hours of content
i want more back story . i want more character development , especially toward the end .
i got ta say that the alternate ending was much better .
world war z
a deeply sad face .
2008 best actor
i think the movie was a wonderful cinematic experience for his time .
this slightly crazy man is , of course , willy wonka .
that is true of this movie in general and of gene wilder in specific .
one of my all - time favourites .
the wizard of oz
i think it was a great movie .
the even numbered sequels are the best !
or , as it were , being anywhere near camp crystal lake .
as they playfully fight , scott is caught in a trap , and is hung upside down .
the day you count on for terror is not over
i liked the one in which he first turns into the mask
stanley ipkiss is not the man he used to be .
one of the greatest comedies i have ever seen .
the plot makes you think what it would be like if you had the mask and what you would do with it .
tina tricks tyrell into taking off the mask , which is recovered by milo , turning the dog into a cartoonish pitbull who defeats tyrell  ' s men , while stanley fights dorian himself .
i liked the one in which they were sleeping in the tent , only to wake up and see the witch had left a lot of icons .
following josh  ' s voice , heather and mike find a derelict house in a clearing and go inside , where they see runic symbols on the wall next to child - sized handprints .
mike then realizes that the voice is now in fact coming from the basement , and rushes down the steps . suddenly , mike is rendered silent and the camera falls .
if i see a believable character screaming in hysterical fear at something i can not see , my own brain creates demons for my night  ' s dreams , demons far more mighty than anything cgi graphics or a latex mask could portray .
only thing that i did n ' t like was the ending ... she should  ' ve survived .
i liked the one in which jack pretended him and bridget had been together for a while and told her about their first date , fight , etc .
bridget and mark ride in gianni  ' s pizza truck to the hospital , only to get stuck in a traffic jam .
mark decides to carry bridget to the hospital since the contractions are making walking difficult , but he starts to get tired because bridget is so heavy .
i laughed out loud throughout this movie , and i ca n ' t remember the last time i laughed so much during a first run hollywood comedy .
surprisingly funny and sharp .
i liked the one in which some of the officers tried surfcing
lassard is chosen as  "  police officer of the decade  "  , and brings his favorite graduates sgts . hightower , jones , tackleberry and hooks , lt. callahan , and new graduate officer thomas  "  house  "  conklin to the national police chiefs convention in miami beach to celebrate with him .
the misfit police officers meet lassard  ' s nephew , sgt . nick lassard of the miami police department . the fun is complicated when he unwittingly takes a bag belonging to jewel thieves containing stolen merchandise .
this film had me in stitches !
laughter academy !
i liked the one in which adele  ' s song skyfall is run as an intro to the tone of the movie .
bond gives chase to the enemy , a professional hitman by the name of patrice ( ola rapace ) , with the help of mi6 operative eve ( naomie harris ) , first by car , then by motorbike across the tiled roofs of the istanbul grand bazaar , until finally the two men end up on a train
the biggest failing of this film was the plot . it went from a mission to recover a stolen hard - drive to a mission to protect an old dear ( who could  ' ve easily been killed several times ) .
ingredients for an epic film . but an extremely weak plot and an undeveloped villain made it difficult to care about the final outcome .
so disappointed .
my favorite character was cobb
a young man , exhausted and delirious , washes up on a beach , looking up momentarily to see two young children ( claire geare and magnus nolan ) playing in the sand before he passes out .
nolan has created something with his unbelievably , incredibly and god -  gifted mind which will blow the minds of the audience away .
his work is nothing less than a masterpiece and he deserves all the awards in the  ' best director  '  category .
insanely brilliant ! nolan has outdone himself !
i liked the one in which thor goes to ask loki to join his plot .
the guy who plays loki is one of the only redeeming qualities of this movie and he is very convincing .
the asgardians learn that the convergence , a rare alignment of the nine realms , is imminent ; as the event approaches , portals linking the worlds appear at random .
thor the dark world is all over the map with scenes of badly choreographed action scenes to bad comedy to laughable acting .
even more shallow than the first .
i think it was the worst american pie of the 3
that they  ' re gon na need an extra man to invest
stifler ( sean william scott ) , the oversexed college clown gets invited along by kevin .
there are a lot of great scenes at stifler  ' s party , and i was surprised to see that not only were the main characters back , but most of the supporting characters were back as well
most of them are good but the first one stands on it  ' s own .
i think it was an awesome and underrated monster movie .
susan wakes up alone in an apparent cache of judas victims  -  -  dead , partially consumed , rotting  -  -  and tries to find her way out .
she falls through a manhole , and is discovered there by manny , still looking for chuy .
with a continuous build - up of suspense and terror , watching this film you never really know whether or not any of the leading protagonists will make it out alive .
love movies where not even the kids are safe . really adds that next level danger and urgency .
my favorite caracter is the invisible girl .
johnny / human torch has managed to control his fire and flight powers , while sue / invisible girl is exercising her invisibility and force field powers .
meanwhile , everyone is still looking for reed
this movie was awful .
an insult to comic fans
my favorite character was jim carrey  - ace
marino is filming a commercial for isotoner gloves when he is tackled by two men in miami dolphins uniforms - apparently as part of the commercial .
but when the  "  dolphins  "  keep carrying dan after the director yells cut , everyone realizes what has happened . ace attempts to stop the abductors but they evade capture
this is not the type of movie that is likely to win any awards , but you will remember the hilarious dialogue and jim carrey  ' s immediately recognizable rubber - faced antics in this film that served as a spring board to his career , which later brought us many more excellent movies .
sure , this is cheeseball comedy , but jim carrey makes it memorable .
my favorite character was nancy because she was smart .
one of the most effective elements of an elm street film is the subtle slide back and forth from the real world to the dream world . bayer does n ' t get this at all . every dream sequence is clearly defined , completely destroying any suspense .
the film spends two - thirds of its running time having its leads uncover freddy  ' s  "  story ,  "  which is ridiculous because it  ' s a story everyone already knows .
fun . if they can be both , that  ' s awesome . but with none of a and far too little of b , the new elm street barely rises above an f .
incredibly disappointing , a slap in the face to true horror fans .
i think it was an awesome and underrated monster movie .
with a continuous build - up of suspense and terror , watching this film you never really know whether or not any of the leading protagonists will make it out alive .
despite criticism directed towards her , i felt mira sorvino was also quite good and believable in her role . the direction of guillermo del toro is tight and well - paced .
the science fiction story line is almost convincing enough to make parts of the plot seem possible . f. murray abraham has an outstanding guest role and gets to deliver the best lines in the film .
i  ' ve read the story it  ' s based on , which was written back in the 30s or 40s . they took a lot of liberties .
my favorite character was loki because he was the most exciting and complex character in the movie . he did n ' t have to choose a side or follow anyone  ' s rules .
thor  ' s attempt to destroy the substance fails , and the aether - empowered malekith leaves with his ship as loki appears to be fatally wounded while protecting thor from algrim .
the script and direction are extremely weak . the script sucks because the dialogue is horrendous .
the acting is hilarious from anthony hopkins as odin as he overacts a lot in this movie . the action scenes are poorly choreographed and make no sense .
the jokes ... oh my god . they are so unfunny . who cares if the professor guy  ' s pants are not on ? bad comedy has to be understood and this movie does n ' t understand comedy .
the final fight scene between the green goblin and spider man
peter not only survives the wrestling match , he defeats bone saw in two minutes .
i thoroughly enjoyed  "  spider - man ,  "  which i saw in a screening . i thought the movie was very engrossing .
director sam raimi kept the action quotient high , but also emphasized the human element of the story .
my favorite character was frodo .
frodo volunteers to take the ring to mount doom as all the others argue about who should or should n ' t take it .
i think return of the king is the best made *film* of the three , but that fellowship of the ring was the best adaptation of book to film .
from the opening 10 min . backstory where the dark lord sauron is shown on the battlefield wiping out men & elves 10 at a time with each swing of his mace , i was blown away .
they spent $ 180 million to film all 3 simultaneously . with the new zealand exchange rate , that equals $ 360 million ( $ 90 million ea . ) , but since they used many of the same sets , and fx development costs were spread throughout , we  ' re seeing $ 120 -  $ 150 million on the screen .
i think it was mind bending
insanely brilliant ! nolan has outdone himself !
leonardo , who is still popularly known for jack dawson played by him in titanic , should be relieved as his role as dom cobb will be remembered forever . his performance may or may not fetch him an oscar but it will be his finest performance till date .
christopher nolan , ah ! what a man he is . his work is nothing less than a masterpiece and he deserves all the awards in the  ' best director  '  category .
there is only one word to describe the cinematography , the set designs and the special effects , and that is exceptional ! you do n ' t just watch the scenes happening , you feel them . the movie is a real thrill ride .
i like the one in which the penguins all joined as a family .
mumble brings together the penguin nations and all manner of fabulous
the film features the voices of elijah wood , robin williams , hank azaria
i would definitely recommend this movie , for happy feet 2 will be interesting for both children and adults .
really enjoyable .
i love when the crazy man shot through the door .
sheriff bell returns to the motel and nearly misses being killed by chigurh who had been searching the room for the money case .
the unrelenting pace may take its time but you are gripped every moment .
if you want to see an intelligent , superbly acted , powerful , beautiful cinematic treat that will remind you of the true power of cinema see it , see it , see it .
i think it was a fun movie .
miranda invites bridget to go out for her birthday , but she would rather spend it with her other close friends .
bridget jones  '  baby  "  is a surprisingly funny , smart , adorable romantic comedy .
dempsey is so obscenely handsome . he also comes across as being such a nice guy .
surprisingly funny and sharp
i think it was funny
ace is trying to capture a rare bird with a reward of $ 25,000 with no success .
this is not the type of movie that is likely to win any awards , but you will remember the hilarious dialogue
sure , this is cheeseball comedy , but jim carrey makes it memorable .
aaaaaaaaaaalriiiiiiiighty then !
i liked the one in which the girl is turned into a vampire
eli can no longer stand the hunger that she  ' s experiencing now that hakan is not providing her with blood .
a sweet coming - of - age story which is so unique and different that it simply defies categorization
tomas alfredson has crafted a brilliant work of art that left me shaking my head with wonder .
i had to read the book and watch the movie for a class . i loved them both and definitely a great vampire story .
my favorite character was the cop , leonard norton , because he was just an ordinary person thrust into a crazy situation and it was interesting to see how he handled himself .
the balcony beneath them collapses , and peter and leonard crash down to the floor below .
really know whether or not any of the leading protagonists will make it out alive .
a few too many instances of people being in the right ( or wrong ) place at the right time .
good for this type of movie .
i think it was pretty trendy for its time because it was in
jason sneaks up to him and horizontally murders him with a machete .
rick , outside is attacked by jason who kills him by crushing his head , which one of his eyes pops out .
besides , nothing beats seeing this on the big screen with jason  ' s face 10 - feet tall and his massive hands reaching out for you .
a new dimension in terror ...
my favorite character was ellie .
sattler and the park warden muldoon arrive in a jeep at the site of the t - rex attack to find the injured malcolm and the remains of gennarro , but everyone else has disappeared .
the t - rex returns to give chase to the jeep down the road in an exciting car chase of an action sequence , but the humans eventually manage to escape .
as a kid , i only watched it to see the dinosaurs , as i did n ' t understand a whole lot of it . today , i realize how great the plotting and suspense are .
one of the greatest films ever made
obi - wan kenobi , because the spirit of obi - wan kenobi confirms that this other skywalker is luke  ' s twin sister , leia .
luke escapes the wampa  ' s lair , using the force to retrieve his nearby lightsaber and wounding the beast , but is overcome by the cold outside .
he sees an apparition of his late mentor , jedi master obi - wan kenobi ( alec guinness ) , who instructs him to receive training from jedi master yoda ( voice : frank oz ) on the planet dagobah .
a tribute to the perfection of the original special effects , more innovative than the effects in the first star wars movie and better than the effects in any subsequent one .
the best film in the original trilogy .
i liked the one in which clark uncovers the capsule that brought him to earth .
lana convinces superman to appear at ricky  ' s birthday party , but smallville turns it into a celebration where the local mayor gives superman the honorable key to the city .
gus and vera , disguised as united states army officers , show up during the ceremony and give superman the man - made kryptonite as a gift , and are dismayed to see that it appears to have no effect on him .
i will admit that when compared to the first two films , this is obviously inferior .
not that bad of a sequel .
i liked jack because he seemed to really care about bridget and was less uptight than mark
the two spend more time together , and he tells bridget that he really is divorcing camilla , and she was there to pick up her stuff .
they are about to kiss , but bridget  ' s water breaks .
bridget jones  '  baby  "  is a surprisingly funny , smart , adorable romantic comedy .
surprisingly funny and sharp .
i think it was an awesome and underrated monster movie .
susan puts on a pair of surgical gloves and extracts the bug from the cornflakes box with a pair of forceps .
the science fiction story line is almost convincing enough to make parts of the plot seem possible .
a continuous build - up of suspense and terror , watching this film you never really know whether or not any of the leading protagonists will make it out alive .
a bold experiment . a deadly mistake !
i liked the one in which aaragorn watching the hobbits in the bar .
frodo and sam are soon joined by fellow hobbits merry and pippin .
encountering a ringwraith on the road , they manage to reach bree , and there they meet a man called strider , who agrees to lead them to rivendell .
the location sets are imaginative , detailed & weathered , adding to their believability , while the studio sets match them in meticulousness .
one of the greatest films of all time .
i liked the one in which the boy went to college
i liked the one in which the boy went to college .
they give mason a bible with his name on it , and a rifle . mason sr. and cliff teach sam and mason to shoot , and then later take them to church .
it is overall brilliant . i do believe , this will be a classical film , and students all over thew world will study it in future at their film schools .
the theory of everything
i liked the one in which there was no dialogue  -  only ominous string music .
all acting in the film was solid , even the work of the child actors .
boogie nights
a sinner and
i liked carrell  ' s character the most
i liked carrell  ' s character the most .
jessica arrives and desperately tries to stop her father  ' s attacks , telling him that cal knew nothing of the pictures .
the entire cast here is perfection . the overall message may be one to debate but it does n ' t matter because the ride and this film are just so smart and so well done .
easy a
i think it was a great movie
matt damon got lucky and grabbed the only dodge charger in the area that had disabled airbags .
jack reacher : never go back
legacy was a better film .
i am a big fan of the franchise and my expectations may have been too high for this sequel .
i think it was a fun and cute movie .
i liked the one in which mia and bryan are playing with their child on the beach at the end of the movie .
the ending was a perfect balance of staying in character and breaking the fourth wall .
the callback to the tuna sandwich from the first movie was rad .
earn that paycheck tyreese . i was thinking that after every line he had in this movie .
he drives away , only to get caught up with brian on the road . they look at each other with a smile . we hear dom  ' s voice say that they both lived life at a quarter mile , and that  ' s why they  ' re brothers .
i do n ' t know whether this saga is going to continue without walker ; it probably will , considering the huge quantities of money these films generate .
i have now cried in a fast and furious movie . what is the world coming to ?
2 fast 2 furious
i think it was pretty trendy for its time because it was in
the cinema was packed , the screening sold out and the audience absolutely loved it .
after andy and debbie have sex , she goes to the bathroom for a shower , but gets surprised by andy , who is walking on his hands .
friday the 13th
i liked the one in which nuada speaks his final words to hellboy .
you know you  ' re not watching a formulaic comic book film when one of the highlights is a drunken rendition of  "  ca n ' t smile without you  "  by hellboy and abe sapien .
liz kneels down and tells hellboy that he is to be a father . hellboy stands up , fully recovered but awestruck upon hearing liz  '  news .
blade
my favourite character was paul because he was the most normal
my favorite character was dr. grant as he is the most interesting character .
unleash the beasts .
that is where the fun in jurassic park comes in .
ca n ' t wait for the sequel  "  the lost park : jurassic world  " 
my favorite character was inigo montoya
delighted at the prospect of doing the prince a bad turn , max accepts their money and whips up a large , chocolate - coated miracle pill . inigo and fezzik go off with westley and the pill , accompanied by max and valerie  ' s good wishes .
i watched this movie *every day* for a year when i was a kid . and i still love it . and the book is even better !
the story moves along at a great pace , and you feel as though the whole land has been covered when the book is closed .
the lion king
i like the scene where willy wonka takes the factory visitors ( the children and their families ) on a twisted boat road down the chocolate river .
willy encourages charlie to move in
watch for the  "  look  "  in his eyes .
charlie and the chocolate factory
i liked the one in which the boy went to college
i liked the one in which the boy went to college .
 ' s roommate  ' s bed
i just could not imagine how much we are all the same
the theory of everything
my favourite character was the queen
my favourite character was the queen .
her father , philippe renaldi ( who had divorced her mother years ago but still kept in touch with mia ) died two months earlier in a car crash .
i  ' d rather have my little girl wishing she that she was heir to throne than a hooker who happens to find true love .
the parent trap
i think it was a great ending to an everlasting trilogy .
taking the kids to see it again tomorrow night , and maybe even a third time !
played by the brilliant j. k simmons . he adds his own stamp to this character and gives us a badass villain ,
crash into the obstacles and each other .
i think it was pretty good .
the vote removes valorum from power and leads to palpatine  ' s nomination for the position , which amidala considers too late to be effective .
there are some very nice special effects throughout .
star wars : episode ii  -  attack of the clones
its good to the film grossed between $ 475 million and $ 572 million worldwide .
the special edition is virtually identical to the original edition
when george lucas gave his star wars trilogy a fresh coat of varnish in 1997 he felt he had to justify the expense by making needless changes . you  ' ll notice he made precious few changes to episode
han is lowered into the machine , leia declares her love for him .
the best film in the original trilogy .
the adventure continues ...
i think it was a fine movie
n ' t
analyze that
i think it was very trippy and exciting .
bobby vinton
wild at heart
my favorite character from the movie is willy wonka , mostly because of the actor who plays him and how he plays him in a way that alludes to his inner turmoil .
my favorite character from the movie is willy wonka , mostly because of the actor who plays him
in this movie , gene wilder  ' s almost imperceptible nuances speak volumes .
enter a world of pure imagination .
one of my all - time favourites .
i think it was a overly intense , overly gory movie , i love horror movies , but it was ridiculous in the amount of gore .
overly intense , overly gory movie , i love horror movies , but it was ridiculous in the amount of gore .
saw iii
with this track record , it seems inevitable that there  ' d be a significant stumble at some point .
a stumble , but still on mission .
i think it was even better than the first hellboy . i loved prince nuada and also the relationship between nuala and abe .
hellboy
hellboy ii  -  back and better than ever !
i would personally go as far as calling  "  hellboy ii : the golden army  "  one of the top five or so comic book movies ever made .
academy of science fiction
i think it was a great comedy adventure .
the man in black challenges the sicilian to a battle of wits
i do n ' t
that is why it is such a classic , when everything comes down to it .
the perfect movie .
i liked the one in which sebastian rebelled at his job by playing his own music .
mia  ' s one - woman show .
yet another hollywood con - job !
my favorite character was lex luthor .
i will admit that when compared to the first two films , this is obviously inferior .
salami slicing
superman ii
i liked the one in which susan sees a strange man on the subway platform , but he turns out to be a giant insect who unfolds wings and grabs her .
the direction of guillermo del toro is tight and well - paced .
an egg sack ,
the relic
my favorite character was teddy .
john g
it  ' s brilliant story telling .
addictive and fun to figure out .
inception
my favorite character was the dog , because he tried his best to serve his master even when it was crazy outside .
compound ready for human trials .
academy of science fiction
i got ta say that the alternate ending was much better .
i want more character development , especially toward the end .
my favorite caracter is the invisible girl .
is the invisible girl .
powers .
this movie was awful .
an insult to comic fans .
change is coming .
my favorite character was danny glover , he gave true emotions in the movie .
directly at the front lines
in this film they do a much better job developing and explaining the predator .
i love this movie !
alien vs . predator
i think it was pretty trendy for its time because it was in
besides , nothing beats seeing this on the big screen with jason  ' s face 10 - feet tall and his massive hands reaching out for you .
a new dimension in terror
the best *friday* with a chilling atmosphere . shame the franchise slumped into a camp , yet enjoyable mess .
my favorite character was rosalie .
twilight shines brightest once the credits roll .
edward  ' s plan is to catch a ferry to vancouver , b. c. ; but bella insists on going home first , against edward  ' s better judgement .
i was laughing at the awkward  "  acting  "  of the actors and the terrible dialogue . now this is where it gets tricky : do we blame the screenwriter or the author ? the movie made me realize just how corny the book  ' s dialogue was .
bring on the twilight fans ! i can take them ! *shields at maximum power ! *
snow white and the huntsman
i think it was whismical comedy that was more cerebral that most , very engaging very hilarious .
wes anderson reaches cinematic excellence with rushmore , a story about max fischer a young man who  ' s trying to find his own place in the world
max makes an irrational final attempt to romance ms. cross by pretending to have been hit by a car and climbing through her bedroom window with fake blood on his face .
granted , he brings to the movie his usual subtle quirkiness , but that humor is n ' t out of line with the general mood of the film .
at one point or another we all believed we could make our fantasies a reality , and watching this film makes us optimistic about those things again .
bottle rocket
i liked the one with cookie where he talks about his chimichanga stand during the battle .
the original gang all return along with shrek and fiona .
the final chapter
madagascar : escape 2 africa
just bring back the cool old soundtrack
i think it was interesting and different .
the movie alternates between color and black and white sequences . the black and white sequences proceed in chronological order , while the color sequences proceed in reverse chronological order . the forward black and white scenes and the reverse color scenes alternate until they meet in the middle of the story at the end of the film .
addictive and fun to figure out .
fight club
the movie starts with a murder  -  -  a revenge killing , in fact . but was the right person killed ? leonard shelby ( guy pearce ) is a man with no short - term memory . he has n ' t been able to form new memories since the night his wife was murdered . now he  ' s on a hunt to find the murderer but with no way of remembering names , dates , places , facts and faces . instead he
the prestige
i think it was a overly intense , overly gory movie , i love horror movies , but it was ridiculous in the amount of gore .
the final chapter
i think is was exciting and full of action .
despite being told by every adult in sight to go indoors , hiccup hauls out a bolas - shooting cannon he made himself and shoots a dragon out of the night sky .
has holed up in a steep - sided valley because it can no longer fly more than a few feet at a time . while sketching the dragon , hiccup realizes that it  ' s missing
the problems i had are far too few to mention .
my favorite character was the killer .
the whole thing is played as a comedy .
insanely bad !
high school prom .
texas chainsaw massacre
the most character i liked was butch coolidge played by bruce willis ?
the bar
anyone who watches it now has to remember that it actually changed the history of cinema .
$ 107,930,000
simply the best .
tackleberry because i liked him in all in all the movies
tackleberry because i liked him in all
police academy : mission to moscow
the national police chiefs convention
laughter academy !
this film had me in stitches !
i think it was a good way to show how easy life can change drastically and quickly .
i  ' ll definitely pick up the novel ... hopefully it will give me the depth that i want .
gut - wrenching movie full of adventure and heart .
will smith
my favorite character was peter parker , because of all the memes that came out of tobey maguire  ' s performance .
mary jane
with great power comes great responsibility .
a really great comic book adaptation .
i thought the movie was very engrossing .
i think it was a good mix of romance and action .
bring on the twilight fans ! i can take them !
the twilight saga : new moon
the movie is definitely worth watching . the visuals are lovely , the acting is convincing and its message is important and very topical .
she meets edward cullen
i think it was a good movie . the ending was good but not what i was expecting .
i really enjoyed this series overall . loved how snow laughed in his last moments .
my favorite character was the older lady who was able to see things no one else can .
sick of
the attic
the ring
my favorite character was ruth sunday because she seemed to be the only compassionate character in the movie .
daniel day - lewis in particular delivered a truly phenomenal performance , capturing the power of greed , fear , insanity , and comedy simultaneously , at many points throughout the film .
london critics circle film
in the new mexico wilderness
remember those hollywood studio epics ? me either . but we  ' re covered .
i liked the one with cookie where he talks about his chimichanga stand during the battle .
i feel like dreamworks animations entire existence revolves around pegging shrek and shrek opening his butt for them .
ice age
i liked the one in which tackleberry meets mrs. feldman .
on land , on sea , or in the air , no place is safe from them !
another great movie gangster of the 1980s david spade !
it  ' s not a good movie , but it  ' s a good police academy movie !
captain thaddeus harris ( g. w. bailey ) believes  "  the concept of citizens doing police work is asinine  " 
i like the one in which po first gets to the panda village .
jack black returns as the lovable po , and shows us just why we missed him so much in the years we had to wait .
i like how consistently good this franchise is .
kung fu panda 2
an ancient place of healing . a village of pandas .
my favorite character was jason because he is the villian and consistant character in all of them .
jason ( richard brooker ) has seemingly survived his attack from paul and ginny , and migrates to a store where he changes clothes and then murders the store owners , the henpecked harold ( steve susskind ) with a meat cleaver into his chest and his shrewd wife edna ( cheri maugans ) with a knitting needle through the back of her head , before moving on to a nearby lake
every scare worked , the 3d effects leaped right off the screen and lovingly poked us in the eye and when the film was over it got the longest applause i  ' ve ever seen a film get
the best *friday* with a chilling atmosphere .
a new dimension in terror ... there  ' s nowhere to hide .
my favorite character was sean because he was the only one who really cared or tried .
my favorite character was the killer .
my favorite character of course is freddy .
i liked the scene in the barn where the biker thugs show up and jason is throwin them all over .
i liked the one in which will fought jack sparrow in the forge .
i liked the one which comedy and violence and a lot of profanity .
robert de niro
billy crystal
my favorite character was jim carrey  - ace
a quick look through carrey  ' s filmography will prove that ace ventura is the film that really acted as a springboard for his career .
desperate to find out more about ray finkle , ace goes to the mental hospital where the ex - player was held in an attempt to search through any remaining belongings . melissa poses as an anguished sister looking to commit her deranged , football - obsessed brother to give ace a chance to explore the hospital .
ace ventura : when nature calls
sure , this is cheeseball comedy , but jim carrey makes it memorable .
my favorite character was maleficent , as she has great depth and is a likable character .
tangled
i loved the backstory they gave to maleficent . nice to see how the classic villains turn  "  evil  "  per se .
this film is a true fairy tale
maleficent begins to admit that her hatred for stefan does not extend to aurora .
i like the one in which the dinner is happening and max fischer makes jokes at rosemary cross  '  boyfriend .
after apologizing to dirk and margaret yang for his poor behavior , max puts together a new play , partially inspired by the vietnam war , of which blume is a veteran .
max and mr. blume are the same person , mr. blume is just older and wealthier .
i do n ' t think that  ' s an understatement , and i  ' m not just saying it cause i  ' m a bill murray fan and he happens to be in it .
wes anderson reaches cinematic excellence with rushmore , a story about max fischer a young man who  ' s trying to find his own place in the world .
my favorite character was raoul silva partly because i am a huge javier bardem fan and i think he did a great job playing the role but also because i thought this bond villain was one of the most fleshed out villains we  ' ve seen in this series . although he was seriously deranged and murderous , we saw where his pain came from and his mania was even tinged with great intelligence and humor .
that silva
i loved the movie , however it did n ' t feel like a  ' bond film  '  to me .
ingredients for an epic film .
las vegas film critics society awards
i liked the one in which the water cups show the force of the approaching t - rex  ' s steps .
grant is witness to the daily feeding of the animals : a cow is lowered into the pit , only to be stripped clean within moments .
it is quite underrated in my opinion , it deserves more credit than it gets .
ca n ' t wait for the sequel  "  the lost park : jurassic world  " 
indiana jones and the last crusade
i think it was fantastic .
bafta awards 2002 best film best achievement in special visual effects best make up / hair
second best for me . return of the king comes first . then fellowship of the ring and finally the two towers .
boromir rushes to the aid of the two hobbits but is mortally wounded by the orc commander lurtz , and merry and pippin are captured .
i  ' m particularly gratified by the casting of viggo mortenson as aragorn which was a last minute stroke of luck when the actor first chosen for the part backed out due to differences with the director .
i think it was overrated .
not that bad of a sequel .
orders gorman to use his computer knowledge to create kryptonite , remembering lois lane  ' s daily planet interview from superman years ago , during which superman identified it as his only weakness .
i will admit that when compared to the first two films , this is obviously inferior .
superman ii
i liked the one which the team set up the robbery .
one of my favorite movies .
remake . but still so amazing
ocean  ' s eleven is not a film that will be forgotten seconds after you have seen it .
ocean  ' s eleven is not a film that will be forgotten seconds after you have seen it . it will live forever as the epitome of cool for years to come .
i think it was very entertaining and a good family movie .
removes a coin from the chest , rendering himself immortal .
johnny depp was hilarious a jack sparrow , and acted like a true pirate .
the entire trilogy is gold in my opinion .
pirates of the caribbean : dead man  ' s chest
i think it was funny , offbeat , and revealing about human nature .
amadeus speaks for all mankind .
salieri begins his career as a devout , god - fearing man who believes his success and talent as a composer are gods rewards for his piety .
tom hulce as mozart is wonderful - most will remember his annoying laugh that bursts forth at the most inappropriate of times .
$ 51,600,000
i liked the one in which he was loved
philadelphia is about life , and making it matter .
he plays a convincing role as andrew beckett , a man who knows the meaning of justice and knows what exactly his rights are . what mr. hanks also accomplishes with this role is he breaks free from the stereotypes society has dictated on the average gay man .
miller , who is admittedly homophobic and knows little about beckett  ' s aids , initially declines to take the case and immediately visits his doctor to find out if he could have contracted the aids through shaking beckett  ' s hand .
his oscar was well - deserved and the movie was amazingly ground - breaking .
i thought it was a bit long but other wise a great film from tarantino .
that they  ' re robbing the diner
had you gripped and credited the audience with intelligence .
1995 best writing , screenplay
pulp fiction was ahead of it  ' s time , like the first star wars trilogy .
my favorite character was prince nuada because he was more an antihero than a villain . he had good reasons for most of his actions .
hellboy .
my favorite character from the movie is willy wonka , mostly because of the actor who plays him and how he plays him in a way that alludes to his inner turmoil .
timeless .
one of my all - time favourites .
enter a world of pure imagination .
most excellent works in the arts are seen and enjoyed at a variety of  "  levels .  " 
my favorite character was james , as his drive and determination for his family reminds me of my grandfather .
favorite disney film
the camera work is both subtle and , in turn , spectacular .
russell crowe
i think it was groundbreaking
a three hours of fresh air !
well , i went in expecting a masterpiece and i came out having watched a masterpiece .
mason and sheena
i liked the one in which calogero puts jane to the test by opening the door of the car and going around to see if she unlocks the door for him .
this is an excellent small - scale movie with a good story and well - developed characters , some excellent performances , along with subtle directorial flair . in a lot of ways , this resembles a softer , gentler goodfellas .
cape fear
was quite hungry by the time i started to watch it and practically starving by the time of the end credits but there simply was n ' t a single scene in this film for me to visit the fridge .
one of the best gangster films . honestly .
i liked the one in which the pumpkin and the mice turn into an cartage and horses
this movie perfectly captures the feeling of reading a fairy tale , but instead of that , you actually get to experience it by viewing it .
with no wes anderson film this year , i think this film could pick up some tech / production noms during awards season . it looks amazing .
richard madden is so smart
i am so glad that they kept the original story line , and the costumes and setting are beautifully done .
i have watched this movie multiple times already , and still feel like i could view it many times more .
for people that love classic fairy - tale stories .
i liked the scene in which de niro gets soo upset that he shoots a pillow into pieces .
not  ' hilarious ,  '  but still funny .
american comedy awards , usa 2000 funniest motion picture
although a comedy , it has violence and a lot of profanity .
dr. sobel and his finance , ( lisa kudrow ) soon have their world turned upside down by vitti  ' s increasing demands for sobels services which displace any semblance of order for the good doctor  ' s heretofore mundane existence .
i liked the one in which kirk fights martia a shapeshifter who has transformed herself into kirk  ' s body double .
they receive a transmission from starfleet ordering them to return to earth
the best of the bunch with the original cast . a great send - off !
everything that made star trek great is in this film : action , great one - liners from mccoy and chekhov , the peace message , the klingons , spock  ' s logic skills , literary quotes and celebrity cameos makes  "  the undiscovered country  "  a worthy send - off to perhaps the most celebrated ensemble cast in entertainment history .
star trek ii : the wrath of khan
i liked the one in which miller overcomes his fear of homosexuals . he  ' s able to approach and touch beckett during his hospital visit to see beckett
beckett collapses during wheeler  ' s testimony .
philadelphia is a truly amazing movie and a touching story .
philadelphia is about life , and making it matter .
my favorite character was russel crow  ' s character because he goes from rags to riches and stays humble .
to support his family , braddock works as a laborer at the docks , but he still has a dream to box .
the story , while familiar , is executed brilliantly . the camera work is both subtle and , in turn , spectacular .
russell crowe k. o .
the fighter
i think it was entertaining but did not like seeing jennifer garner so much
mcconaughey has been made out to be a bit of a laughing stock after starring in a series of really mediocre films . his recent performances however , have shown that the man truly is one of the best actors working in the business right now .
at the supermarket , ron comes across t. j . ( kevin rankin ) and introduces him to rayon .
a facisnating true story with gritty realism and excellent performances .
the theory of everything
my favorite character was george
clooney
i think it was boring .
it was the early 90s . a lot of weird shit happened with horror during the pre - scream portion of the 90s . i actually love movies from that time period , including tcm : tng . they  ' re insanely weird , like they were created in a post - 80s cocaine hangover .
wow , one of the most bizarre horror franchises ever !
what  ' s also remarkable is that renee and matthew do have  "  star quality  "  and watching these  "  stars  "  in this insane movie just adds a lot more bizarre , wonky quality to the movie than it really deserved . the whole cast is game but i wonder , what did the director or producers do to have the cast go all out like that ?
jenny , now on her own , is attacked by vilmar in his pickup truck . he loses her , but knows she  ' ll run into leatherface .
$ 94,558
the texas chain saw massacre
i think it was a good addition to a well beloved series .
it is revealed that michelle likes to dance but jim is a terrible dancer .
the film itself may be uneven , but as a character actor who makes an indelible impression on the material at hand , scott is the genuine article .
best entry in the  "  american pie  "  series
american pie
i think it was an awesome and underrated monster movie .
peter returns to the car , but leonard wo n ' t let him in .
love movies where not even the kids are safe . really adds that next level danger and urgency .
the science fiction story line is almost convincing enough to make parts of the plot seem possible .
the relic
my favorite character was mia , beautifully portrayed by emma stone , she was a lovable character .
best actress in a leading role
costume designers guild awards
painfully bad film musical .
we are told by the experts that la la land it is absolutely brilliant and when we go to see it we will swoon in the aisles , barely able to find the superlatives to describe how much we loved it .
they dance in outer space , until they come back down to earth and finally have their first kiss .
i will just say please go and watch this film . trust me , it  ' s worth it .
i like the one which sonny caught calogero with his friends buying guns , and he smacked all c friends .
one of the best gangster films . honestly .
wonderful coming - of - age story in little italy
one man lives in the neighborhood , another man owns it . a devoted father battles the local crime boss for the life of his son .
a bronx tale  "  is one of the best gangster films ever .
my favorite character was george
i personally thought it was just okay .
it  ' s a remake . it  ' s kind of hard to have an unoriginal idea be a modern classic .
3 casinos . 11 guys . 150 million bucks . ready to win big ?
it will live forever as the epitome of cool for years to come .
the rebel alliance learns that the empire has been constructing a new death star under the supervision of the emperor himself .
this one is pretty good .
the best film in the original trilogy .
the star wars saga continues
since lucas was so keen on making changes wherever he could this is obviously a tribute to the tightness of the story and the direction .
i think it was pretty good .
too many  "  yes men  "  around george lucas
at last we will reveal ourselves to the jedi .
of course this movie had a ton of hype and what movie can live up to all of that
attack of the clones
i thought it was a edgier version of the spider man story .
the amazingly unnecessary spider - man
is this better than spider - man ( 2002 ) ?
his past was kept from him . his search for answers has just begun .
not a bad , or a badly made flick , by any means just a pointless one .
my favorite character was jason because he is the villian and consistant character in all of them .
the best *friday* with a chilling atmosphere . shame the franchise slumped into a camp , yet enjoyable mess .
the hockey mask is here !
a new dimension in terror ... there  ' s nowhere to hide . we dare you to try .
if there is ever a 3d screening of this then you really ought to go see ,
my favorite character was obviously the main character because through his perseverance he was able to escape a dangerous situation .
must live a sad little life . i ca n ' t believe
i  ' m sorry . i did n ' t know you did n ' t like the movie and so i went ahead and watched it .
even bernie and roz focker ( hoffman and streisand ) are out of place , squeezed in to appease the audience who expects them to show up .
quality comedies  -  -  if they go beyond one sequel  -  -  never come in threes .
i think it was the best in the franchise .
so much for forever after .
shrek 4 : a flawed comedy but a perfect final chapter
it  ' s ai n ' t ogre ... til it  ' s ogre
the animation is as stellar as ever and it never ceases to amaze how lifelike a film can look that has a talking donkey at its center .
i think it was amazing
saw it today . i really enjoyed it . pretty funny jokes , some fell flat , but overall pretty good comedy .
did n ' t expect it to get such negative reviews . it definitely was all over the place story wise but it had it  ' s moments .
is becoming more and more captivated by maria , and is falling in love with her , and she , too , feels growing affection for him .
the sound of music  "  is one of the worlds best loved treasures which keeps bringing generations of viewers to its attention .
i think it was a very good movie for families and children .
looks beautiful with 3d glasses on
the magnificent landscape of antarctica
really enjoyable
shark tale
my favorite character was the killer .
extremely flat and boring
leatherface : texas chainsaw massacre iii
insanely bad !
suddenly breaks the
its good to the film grossed between $ 475 million and $ 572 million worldwide .
$ 290,158,751
about the temporary triumph of human impulses over the mystical force .
only chewbacca is suspicious
it  ' s not the darkest of the trilogy  -  it  ' s the most mature
i liked the one in which arthur has to fight in zero gravity .
unable to leave because of the time remaining
matrix but in dreamworld ? nah .
this exceptionally lucid classic
the dark knight
i think it was better than batman & robin , but not the best batman movie out there .
anyone with a brain can tell
two face , a psycho killer who blames batman for his scarred split face ,
batman returns
it  ' s time to retire , mr. schumacher
my favorite character was aniken skywalker because he was a small child and he was adorable .
feels that he may be the  "  chosen one  " 
the pod race was fun , as was the light sabre battle at the
liam neeson really keeps this movie alive
guinness world record award
i liked the one in which ryan gosling does the lift with emma stone
thinks she should have hooked up with jacob
casting society of america , usa 2012 outstanding achievement in casting
is the best romantic comedy that i  ' ve seen in years
bittersweet , emotionally uplifting and distinctly hilarious
my favorite character was celine because she was very likable and seemed truly in love .
san francisco film critics circle 2004 best actress
their conversation as they traverse paris
i will treasure forever
so little time , so much love
never watched it .
the girl with the dragon tattoo
to keep a closer eye on the swedish film making industry
exciting recapitulation of the millennium trilogy
in the head but runs out of nails .
i think it  ' s one of the best mob movies ever made .
al capone . he ruled chicago with absolute power . no one could touch him . no one could stop him .  -  until eliot ness and a small force of men swore they  ' d bring him down .
malone captures one of capone  ' s bookkeepers , george ( brad sullivan ) , and the team tries to persuade him to provide evidence against capone .
the acting is superb , and while connery was the one who received his well - deserved oscar , kostner and de niro made oscar - class performances too . although belonging to a typical genre , this film certainly stands out .
i liked the one where neville and his dog , sam , go into a building after a deer and resulting fight with the darkseekers .
robert stays back to kill as many of the infected as he can , blowing them to pieces along with himself , including the vicious alpha - male who has made a personal quest out of hunting robert down .
a lot happened , but none of it was really explained .
the original ending would have probably been better , but we  ' ve only got the one .
$ 256,386,216
my favorite character was sam rothstein he got his position on pure talent and was doing a very good job before nicky arrived .
robert deniro . no words can describe how wonderful of an actor he is . if you read in most of my comments , you can tell i  ' m a fan . this movie is actually what made me into a huge fan of his .
$ 42,438,300
during their meeting , ace defends his actions saying that with the tv show making his image and plight more public , he  ' ll be eventually be issued his gaming license .
an underrated and undervalued scorsese classic .
i think it was slow to develop but very romantic .
their old feelings for each other are slowly rekindled , even with tension and regret over the missed meeting earlier , as they realize that nothing else in their lives has matched their one night together in vienna nine years prior .
hawke and delpy are sublime , of course . this film requires incredibly subtle acting , and these are oscar worthy performances that will not be recognized because they are not showy .
so little time , so much love .
international cinephile society awards 2005 best picture
i liked the scene in the barn where the biker thugs show up and jason is throwin them all over .
when chuck goes to the basement to fix it , jason approaches him and shoves his face on the circuit panel , electrocuting him .
the cinema was packed , the screening sold out and the audience absolutely loved it .
jason lives : friday the 13th part vi
trivia question : what is the name of the guy that jason gets the mask from ?
i think it was a fun and cute movie .
angeline jolie , gives us the female version of  "  indiana jones  "  in this wild cartoon - like adventure story , which is fun to watch .
in cambodia , west figures out part of the puzzle on how to retrieve the triangle half , but croft manages to successfully grab the piece and escape the temple after fighting off and destroying a huge six - armed guardian statue .
i was entertained .
yoga awards 2002 worst foreign film
i liked the one in which mia and bryan are playing with their child on the beach at the end of the movie .
the ending was a perfect balance of staying in character and breaking the fourth wall .
anyway ... what people want to see are the action scenes , and furious 7 completely fulfills the expectations in that regard , with a series of outlandish stunts which are totally improbable but very entertaining .
letty goes up for the race and flies past her opponent as his car breaks down on the track . all the patrons cheer her on after she crosses the finish line , followed by iggy azalea showing up out of nowhere to congratulate letty .
furious 6
my favorite character was prince nuada because he was more an antihero than a villain . he had good reasons for most of his actions .
hellboy watches news reports about himself and the other agents on the evening news . hellboy is delighted by all of it but liz ( secretly taking a pregnancy test ) is furious about hellboy making them public because she hates people  "  staring at her .
i am convinced without a shadow of a doubt that guillermo del toro  ' s entire career has been leading up to this film , particularly regarding his work as screenwriter here .
hellboy .
i  ' m still waiting for hellboy 3 and x - files 3 ... *sheds tear* ... still waiting ...
my favorite character was pos father . he was a very good add on in this movie .
father . he was a very good add on in this movie .
is looking for his son
grab destiny by the rice dumplings
if the franchise ended here i would be happy
another great movie .
my favorite character was obviously the main character because through his perseverance he was able to escape a dangerous situation .
the fockers are
quality comedies  -  -  if they go beyond one sequel  -  -  never come in threes .
busy morning getting
it just was n ' t funny ...
my favorite character was toothless because he had a presence with no dialogue .
it turns out dragons are just big kitty - cats : they like to be petted ,
this is why you go to the movies .
the front runner for the best animated film of the year
how to train your dragon 2
i liked the ones in which maleficent is shown to be a kind forest creature betrayed by man , that then turns evil .
evil has a beginning .
this film is a true fairy tale . it  ' s dark . it  ' s raw .
the details of
thought it was just fantastic .
my favorite character is doc .
marty and his
it is the ultimate feel good movie
$ 210,609,762
how could anything be more fun than this ?
my favorite character was michelle , because she is so loving but stern .
best entry in the  "  american pie  "  series
it is unapologetically unashamed of its shamelessness
up to the sound of stifler leading his whole team into decorating the wedding hall .
unlike many sexually charged teen comedies ,  ' american wedding  '  conveys a certain affection for its characters .
i liked the scene in the barn where the biker thugs show up and jason is throwin them all over .
nothing beats seeing this on the big screen
jason has taken refuge in the barn to recover from his wounds
a new dimension in terror
the hockey mask is here !
i like the one in which the main character  ' s jet was shot down in the beginning of the movie .
whenever the film seems to breeze about with a bit more of a sense of humor , a tasteless joke shoots in that prompts us to do the same .
meet the fockers  "  ranks as the highest - grossing live - action comedy in the u. s. , so regardless of quality , we were going to get whatever studios served us .
my favorite character was marty because he went through the time travel in a stylish vehicle . also , the movie took place around the 80s when i was born so it was interesting to see that time frame .
from the 1st to the 45th time of watching and never fails to bring a smile .
people  ' s choice awards , usa 1986 favorite motion picture
it is the ultimate feel good movie , the weed overcomes the bully , the dreamers wishes come true
the gorgeous lea thompson , the insane but comic doc and the typical teenager marty make this film a must for all young at heart .
i liked the one in which he was playing football in a tutu
ace drives to finkle  ' s childhood home and finds it covered in graffiti and damage from the still - bitter townsfolk .
this is not the type of movie that is likely to win any awards , but you will remember the hilarious dialogue and jim carrey  ' s immediately recognizable rubber - faced antics in this film that served as a spring board to his career , which later brought us many more excellent movies .
aaaaaaaaaaalriiiiiiiighty then !
liar liar
i liked the one in which he sits on the tallest building with his suit on .
a crush on
willem dafoe
as aunt may and uncle ben parker
i liked the one in which kirk fights martia a shapeshifter who has transformed herself into kirk  ' s body double .
the most damning evidence that influences the trial is kirk  ' s own words , possibly stolen from his personal log , where he stated  "  i  ' ve never trusted klingons , and i never will . i ca n ' t forgive them for the death of my
though the memory banks of enterprise
the two pairs of magnetic gravity boats worn by the assassins
the best of the bunch with the original cast . a great send - off
my favorite character was eddie murphy , he was just hilarious !
eddie murphy  ' s best role .
but by all reasonable comparisons this is a much , much better film , and it  ' s also much , much funnier , too .
murphy is the driving force behind the film , presenting us with a truly likable character the most likable character he  ' s ever played , as a matter of fact .
beverly hills cop ,  "  to its credit , manages to avoid this and the result is a far more enjoyable film , even if most of its sequences are far from being 100 % realistic .
i liked the one in which will solves the extremely difficult problem on the chalkboard .
some people can never believe in themselves , until someone believes in them .
who deny their own vulnerability will remain unaffected by this film .
skylar then expresses support about his past ,
they won the academy award for best original screenplay !
i think it was even better than the first hellboy . i loved prince nuada and also the relationship between nuala and abe .
hellboy ii : the golden army  "  is a more confident , assured outing than the first film and while it does not draw from mignola  ' s comics for its plot it is perhaps better off for it
academy of science fiction , fantasy & horror films
i think it was funny
ace ventura is the film that really acted as a springboard for his career .
sure , this is cheeseball comedy , but jim carrey makes it memorable .
ace ventura : when nature calls
lt. einhorn  ' s clothes
i think it was pretty good .
during the escape , the ship is attacked by the federation blockade , forcing r2 - d2 , one of the ship  ' s droids , to fix the shields .
there are some very nice special effects throughout
this is the film that defined my childhood and love for star wars . will always have a place in my heart for it .
star wars : episode iv  -  a new hope
i liked the one in which clark uncovers the capsule that brought him to earth .
i love his description of his supercomputer .  "  this is a super - duper , mamma jamma of computers .  " 
i hope you do n ' t expect me to save you ...  " 
i will admit that when compared to the first two films , this is obviously inferior .
christopher reeves is still the best superman , and richard pryor was okay .
i liked the one in which stiffler showed up to the wedding .
jim and michelle
american pie
i think it was groundbreaking
well , i went in expecting a masterpiece and i came out having watched a masterpiece .
world will study it in future at their film schools .
the movie is just breathing , its a three hours of fresh air !
i liked the one in which jason kills his first victim .
$ 19,100,000
arguably the best of all nine sequels .
the poor guy ! someone killed his mom for avenging his death , and he  ' s lived in the woods alone his whole life
it is revealed to be scott who stole her clothes .
my favorite character was tommy lee jones as harvey .
two - face is pretty much tommy lee jones copying jack nicholson  ' s performance as the joker , except with different makeup ,
the riddler is n ' t far behind . jim carrey was acting like ... well ... jim carrey .
what we see in this film is a systematic destruction of absolutely everything that made the first two batman films so popular .
tim burton and michael keaton decided to jump ship , so now we  ' re stuck with joel schumacher , val kilmer and writing so campy it  ' ll make you want to pitch a tent and make some s ' mores .
i liked the one in which he wakes up with the super powers and realizes he does not need his glasses anymore .
his boyish glee at discovering his new superpowers
the responsibility to know when and how best to use that
with great power comes great responsibility
a really great comic book adaptation
i think it was very entertaining and a good family movie .
his obsessive drinking antics , and his walk really brought out this
he showed real potential , and i loved the way how he manipulated people .
i  ' ll agree that geoffrey rush is phenomenal in the role .
to do that they need the blood of a pirate , not just any pirate but the son of bill turner -  william turner .
i think it was a very memorable movie , and that daniel day lewis did a great job acting .
plainview admits to henry that he
i have a competition in me ,  "  he tells
no country for old men
my favorite caracter is the invisible girl .
an insult to comic fans .
as a comic book fan i felt like josh trank just slapped me in the face by using so very little of the actual comics .
golden schmoes awards 2015 worst movie of the year
i do love it when a needless , transparent money - grab reboot goes down in flames .
i like the one in which po first gets to the panda village .
i do n ' t know what it is but i love this character and wanted more of him .
that little panda obsessed with tigress was my favorite part . tigress just dragging her around .
my life mission is now to look for a video clip combining all the air - time of the  "  stripy baby  "  panda ... so damn cute .
i  ' d imagine heaven as the spirit realm . just sheer beauty and serenity . definitely one of the most beautiful settings i  ' ve seen in an animated film .
i liked the one in which amadeus was at a party mocking other composers by playing the harpsichord in the way they would have done it .
some of the most enjoyable scenes depict productions of mozart  ' s operas ;  "  the abduction from the seraglio  "  finale in the beginning is bright and joyous ;  "  the magic flute  "  queen of the night aria scene is shown and contains of the most beautiful arias i have ever heard .
the man ... the music ... the madness ... the murder ... the motion picture ...
at my age , i realize that i too , am a patron saint of mediocrity .
my favorite character was jason bourne
dewey fears that bourne could jeopardize their latest program , ironhand .
holds a personal grudge against bourne , considering him a traitor for leaving the program and outing their actions to the world .
lacks intelligence of all previous
you know his name
my favorite character was juror number 9 played by henry fonda .
after he points this out , jurors 12 , 10 and 4 all change their vote to  "  not guilty  "  . at this point , the only remaining juror with a guilty vote is juror 3 . juror 3 gives a long and increasingly tortured string of arguments , ending with ,  "  rotten kids , you work your life out !  " 
the film ends when the friendly jurors 8 ( davis ) and 9 ( mccardle ) exchange names , and all of the jurors descend the courthouse steps to return to their individual lives ... never to see each other again .
the audience can also see the arguments for guilty and wonder if fonda  ' s character is correct in saying that he doubts .
they have twelve scraps of paper ... twelve chances to kill !
i liked the one in which cobb finally meets saito in limbo .
saito is crushed by debris and wakes up in the apartment , unseen to arthur as he reaches under his pillow .
saito , having reached under his pillow for his gun , grabs arthur but is subdued by cobb who tells him that not all the information he needed was in the file he stole .
if  "  inception  "  is a metaphysical puzzle , it  ' s also a metaphorical one : it  ' s hard not to draw connections between cobb  ' s dream - weaving and nolan  ' s film making , intended to seduce us , mess with our heads and leave an ever - lasting impression .
mind is the scene of the crime
my favorite character is calogero , he stuck between two different worlds in the same streets .
calogero anello , ( lillo brancato ) , a seventeen year old italian growing up in a 1960s bronx neighborhood . calogero is befriended by the local mob boss ( palminteri ) over the objections of his father ( de niro ) .
attractive and gripping story about a young boy who has to live between the shadow of two powerful men , his own father ( de niro ) and local gangster sonny ( palminteri in his very greatest role ) .
one man lives in the neighborhood , another man owns it .
wonderful coming - of - age story in little italy .
i liked the one in which edward shows bella his shimmer in the sun for the first time and she tells him he is beautiful .
the wind shifts so that james catches bella  ' s scent and realizes that there is a human in their midst .  "  you brought a snack ,  "  he sneers and heads toward bella .
i found myself rolling my eyes , when i was n ' t laughing , at every word out of the actor  ' s mouth . especially the dialogue between edward and bella .
i really thought they  ' d aim for something above spraying robert pattinson with water then dumping craft store glitter on him . i did n ' t even notice the  "  sparkles  "  at first .
so bad it  ' s almost good .
i think it was an epic tale which perfectly portrayed the frustration of those who are mediocre at what they are passionate about .
salieri presents mozart with a  "  march of welcome ,  "  which he toiled to create . after hearing the march only once , mozart plays it from memory , critiques it , and effortlessly improvises a variation , transforming salieri  ' s  "  trifle  "  into the  "  non pi andrai  "  march from his 1786 opera the marriage of figaro .
mozart  ' s genius ,
f. murray abraham is perfectly cast in this perfectly acted role ; he grimaces and holds back hatred so perfectly , and nothing about his performance makes you think he is acting .
undisputed masterpiece . it will live forever .
i think is was exciting and full of action .
comes to the rescue and is on the verge of killing stoick when hiccup calls toothless off .
really enjoyed it , did a great job at expanding on the first movie , my high expectations were met .
incredible ! certainly the front runner for the best animated film of the year .
one adventure will change two worlds
my favorite character was inigo montoya
westley did n ' t reveal himself to buttercup at first because he did n ' t think she still loved him .
westley and buttercup flee into the fearsome fire swamp to escape their pursuers .
this movie finds a place to include everything one can imagine . the story moves along at a great pace , and you feel as though the whole land has been covered when the book is closed .
a transcendent , nostalgic , pervasively hilarious experience .
i think it was absolutely amazing . the fast and the furious franchise is my favorite movie franchise by far .
dom finds shaw and lures him to a parking lot where they have their final showdown . they have a street fight , dueling with wrenches and pipes .
furious 7 as a very competent action film , and as a solid tribute / final chapter
a farewell with a bang .
one last ride
i think it was my favorite out of the die hard franchise ; it had added awesomeness with samuel l jackson in it .
harlem electrician zeus carver spots mcclane and tries to get him off the street before he is killed , but a gang of black youths attacks mcclane and carver , who barely escape .
not only is jackson simply awesome in his role , he  ' s likeable , tough , and hilarious , but he  ' s also easy to sympathize with because he  ' s not an action hero . he does n ' t know how to use a gun , he has no combat training , and he  ' s never had to take on terrorists before .
the buddy action film has never been better .
on a good day he  ' s a great cop . on a bad day he  ' s the best there is .
i think it was a very intense but entertaining story .
twelve year old oskar ( kre hedebrant ) is so wimpy that he  ' s constantly picked on by the other boys at his school , especially conny ( patrik rydmark ) and his two friends , martin ( mikael erhardsson ) and andreas ( johan smnes ) .
one evening , oskar notices a new girl about his age and her father moving into into # 15 , the apartment next door to his .
12 - year - olds oskar ( kare hedebrant ) and eli ( lina leandersson ) meet one snowy afternoon at a jungle gym in the courtyard of oskar  ' s housing complex outside stockholm .
the most fantastic and original dark fantasy starring a child since  "  pan  ' s labyrinth  " 
i liked the one in which susan sees a strange man on the subway platform , but he turns out to be a giant insect who unfolds wings and grabs her .
the balcony beneath them collapses , and peter and leonard crash down to the floor below .
felt the movie was just a little too quick in unveiling its mystery .
one of the best sf / horror hybrids of the 90s
evolution has a way of keeping things alive .
i think it was a great movie and another excellent comedy by simon pegg .
amusing ,
manages to showcase the directing talents of edgar wright and the acting of simon pegg
shaun of the dead
its good to the film grossed between $ 475 million and $ 572 million worldwide .
luke skywalker
i think it was a great adventure film .
the plot is very original .
in the year 1993 , hollywood saw something unlike anything else , the film jurassic park . never before 1993 had dinosaurs been so breathtaking and realistic on the silver screen .
in the film  ' s most thrilling sequence , a t - rex escapes its enclosure and proceeds to wreck the tour vehicles .
a lost and confused nedry , trying to hand over the stolen embryos to his contact , encounters a venom - spitting dilophosaurus , and justice is dealt .
i think it was very good , very family friendly , good comedy , with little upsetting violence .
i simply love this movie . i watched it with my parents when i was very young , and have been watching it constantly ever since . it  ' s a movie that i just ca n ' t seem to grow tired of .
the wizard of oz
i think it was very entertaining and a good family movie .
prepare to be blown out of the water .
i  ' ll agree that geoffrey rush is phenomenal in the role .
barbossa , believing elizabeth is bootstrap  ' s child , anoints the last coin with her blood and drops it into the chest
keira knightley plays elizabeth , the governor  ' s daughter .
i think it was very intense .
it is very violent and bloody and not always for the squeamish .
the unrelenting pace may take its time but you are gripped every moment . this is a thriller that genuinely thrills .
josh brolin essentially carries the bulk of the movie and he is excellent in a role that challenges him .
there will be blood
i liked the one in which teddy tells leonard he already killed the man he  ' s looking for .
the last things leonard remembers is his wife dying . he devotes his life to finding and killing the second attacker .
the black and white sequences proceed in chronological order , while the color sequences proceed in reverse chronological order . the forward black and white scenes and the reverse color scenes alternate until they meet in the middle of the story at the end of the film .
the movie starts with a murder  -  -  a revenge killing , in fact . but was the right person killed ?
you wo n ' t know everything until the last scene . by living it backwards , you , like leonard , have no knowledge of what came before . it  ' s brilliant story telling .
my favorite character was loki because he was the most exciting and complex character in the movie . he did n ' t have to choose a side or follow anyone  ' s rules .
drawing the aether out of jane
the jokes ... oh my god .
iron man 2
all style , no substance .
i think it was absolutely amazing . the fast and the furious franchise is my favorite movie franchise by far .
dom says brian will always be his brother
i wish that this new emotional weight had n ' t been due to such tragic reasons
intense , entertaining and emotional
2 fast 2 furious
i think it was even better than the first hellboy . i loved prince nuada and also the relationship between nuala and abe .
that hellboy  ' s survival will
believe it or not  -  he  ' s the good guy
one of the top five or so comic book movies ever made .
my favourite character was juror nine because he was passionate .
and 4
how a film should be made .
simple but great .
national board of review
i think it was really great . the alternate ending really made a point about how sometimes even when we think we are doing the right thing , we do n ' t have all of the answers .
the building as sam will not return of his own accord .
i want to know more about what happened , and how will smith  ' s character is dealing with it .
gut - wrenching movie full of adventure and heart .
world war z
my favorite character was james , as his drive and determination for his family reminds me of my grandfather .
russell crowe owns the character of james braddock , the unlikely hero who makes the most of his second chance . he
the story takes place in new york and new jersey during the great depression
loved every moment , saw it for the 3rd time today , still just as charming .
russell crowe
i liked the one in which aaragorn watching the hobbits in the bar .
star wars has been dethroned . although george lucas  '  movies are good in their own right ( except for the juvenile elements he puts in to sell toys to finance the franchise ) , his scripts ( which borrow heavily from j. r. r. tolkien , mythology & religion ) ca n ' t compare with the brilliance of the literary trilogy  ' the lord of the rings  '  .
the lord of the rings : the two towers
the wizard gandalf soon learns it is the one ring , and sends him to bree with sam , with plans to meet him there after gandalf goes to isengard to meet the head of his order , saruman .
i agree , the breaking of the fellowship in particular was spot - on perfect .
i think it was the moment that juror number 9 realizes he could save the life of the man on trial .
juror 3 gives a long and increasingly tortured string of arguments , ending with ,  "  rotten kids , you work your life out !  " 
the film captivates the audience from the beginning . each of the twelve jurors are introduced to us as they are introduced to themselves .
simple but great .
i liked jack because he seemed to really care about bridget and was less uptight than mark
r / movies never covers
daniel cleaver is
bad moms
i think it was a good addition to a well beloved series .
here  ' s a film that does n ' t try to hide its gleeful perverseness under a bushel of coy double entendres ; instead the film revels in its frank and openhearted treatment of sexuality and lust .
in addition to stifler , jason biggs as jim and eugene levy as jim  ' s befuddled but strangely tolerant and supportive father come across as decent , well - meaning and likable individuals . the film itself may be uneven , but as a character actor who makes an indelible impression on the material at hand , scott is the genuine article .
choice movie your parents did n ' t want you to see
my favorite character was obviously the main character because through his perseverance he was able to escape a dangerous situation .
the  "  twists  "  of this film are set up so conspicuously that as they unfold , it  ' s like you know what happens because you  ' ve seen it before . and you likely have , because there was probably something similar in it from a previous  "  focker  "  film .
in a sense , there should be no surprises here . then again , attempted jokes such as young henry randomly asking if girls poop from their vaginas at the dinner table , could have been replaced with something more thoughtful  -  -  and tasteful .
$ 148,383,780
i liked the one in which bruce & alfred find out the riddler  ' s identity that was kept secret .
batman
i think it was a very good movie for families and children .
my favorite character was
the film features the voices of elijah wood , robin williams , hank azaria , alecia moore ( p ! nk ) , brad pitt , matt damon , sofia vergara , common , hugo weaving , magda szubanski , anthony lapaglia , richard carter and benjamin lil p - nut flores ,
chris defaria , graham burke and bruce berman serve as executive producers .
graphics and effects look really awesome .
it is a great movie with a great plotline .
well i went in without hearing much about it and was blown away . as others have stated , it  ' s more about the dialogue than the plot .
was divine intervention , but vincent dismisses the idea . they leave with marvin
anyone who watches it now has to remember that it actually changed the history of cinema .
from the creators of  ' true romance  '  &  ' reservoir dogs  ' 
its good to the film grossed between $ 475 million and $ 572 million worldwide .
the best film in the original trilogy .
his training
do n ' t know what
academy
i liked the one in which montoya utters his famous line and exacts his revenge .
my name is inigo montoya . you killed my father . prepare to die .
for a year when i was a kid .
the characters are so enjoyable to watch , you really begin to feel for them  -  all of them .
rob reiner
when the girls get the guys to do sexual stuff on each other
tara reid
coming , but
i like the one in which the main character  ' s jet was shot down in the beginning of the movie .
jack begins to have a heart attack but greg aids him and the ambulance soon comes .
the film focuses on jack and greg again , as expected , so among other faults , the title  "  little fockers  "  is misleading .
nothing sells like a pre - sold title .
$ 148,383,780
i think it was a very funny and enjoyable movie .
the dry humor was tremendous and the chemistry between marky mark and will ferrell is unmatched . they were so funny together it was great .
ershon offers them a bribe of court side seats to the latest knicks game , but they do n ' t know that it  ' s actually a bribe .
it  ' s certainly one of those movies you will be quoting with your friends for a long time .
ign summer movie awards 2010 best comedy
my favorite character was jack sparrow
his obsessive drinking antics , and his walk really brought out this
will reveals that he is bootstrap bill  ' s son and demands that elizabeth and the crew be freed , or he will shoot himself and fall overboard , lost forever .
great laughs . great music . and great story .
$ 305,388,685
i liked the one in which mozart is caught runnign with two ladies .
f. murray abraham is perfectly cast in this perfectly acted role ; he grimaces and holds back hatred so perfectly , and nothing about his performance makes you think he is acting .
mozart begins to write the piece , the requiem mass in d minor , unaware of the true identity of his mysterious patron and oblivious of his murderous intentions .
some of the most enjoyable scenes depict productions of mozart  ' s operas ;  "  the abduction from the seraglio  "  finale in the beginning is bright and joyous ;  "  the magic flute  "  queen of the night aria scene is shown and contains of the most beautiful arias i have ever heard .
a rare masterpiece .
i liked the one in which aaragorn watching the hobbits in the bar .
gandalf confronts the balrog on the bridge , allowing the others to escape the mines , while he falls with the creature into the abyss below .
i think an important thing to note is that , as the films progress , the scale of the conflict increases , which directly correlates to an increase in action and sfx .
i could watch the first hour of fellowship extended every day of my life .
the return of the king
i think it was a clever twist on a classic genre .
rusty questions danny  ' s reasons for the heist , not knowing that danny  ' s real aim is to take down the man who stole his wife .
however , this time around with a brand new script and an immensely prosperous cast and crew we have ended up with a film ten times better than the original .
it is easy to say that this is the coolest film of the year . from the phenomenal script and direction from steven soderbergh to the impeccable easy going performances of the  ' stars  '   -  yes every single one of them !
$ 183,405,771
i think it was a great movie .
nancy falls asleep and is attacked by freddy , but when quentin wakes her up they discover she has pulled a piece of freddy  ' s sweater out of the dreamworld and into reality .
supernatural killer freddy krueger is played by jackie earle haley , an oscar - nominated actor who was so creepy as rorschach in watchmen .
freddy vs. jason
people  ' s choice awards , usa 2011 favorite horror movie
my favorite charector was peter parker
parker is more evidently scientific and intelligent here .
later on , he adds a spandex suit for mobility and suddenly becomes a folk hero who the public refers to as  ' spider - man .  ' 
while not a beat for beat remake , you get the same story more or less with a different love interest and villain .
i thought it was good . not great . it was too heavily reliant on constant light - hearted humor and unfortunately not enough tension . no spoilers , but it does start to take itself more seriously towards the finale . however the constant joking around kinda bogged it down for me . if i had to rank the spider - man movies as of now it would be like this ; # 1 spider - man 2 # 2 spider - man # 3 spider - man :
i liked the one in which susan sees a strange man on the subway platform , but he turns out to be a giant insect who unfolds wings and grabs her .
is tight and well - paced .
deep rising
i liked the one in which angel and danny engage in a shootout with the nwa .
this film works both as an out - and - out comedy but also as a high paced action film
manages to showcase the directing talents of edgar wright and the acting of simon pegg
shaun of the dead .
$ 23,618,786
my favorite character was james , as his drive and determination for his family reminds me of my grandfather .
the story takes place in new york and new jersey during the great depression , a time when people experienced the worst economic hardship in u. s. history .
the story , while familiar , is executed brilliantly .
craig bierko , paddy considine , bruce mcgill and the rest of the cast give flawless performances .
and i  ' m ready to do it again for anyone who wants to go with me .
my favorite character was larry because he always found himself in some predicament
it helps to be familiar with the paradox of schrodinger  ' s cat
danny gopnick
one of their best .
national board of review
my favorite character was philip swift because he  ' s cute and innocent .
the female
jolie mainly is there to show off her chest in tight tee - shirts and perform near - impossible stunts .
he realizes that croft knows the solution to the puzzle , and kills west in order to persuade her to complete the triangle to save both west  ' s life and her father  ' s .
yes , the action is a little much and too loud in spots but otherwise  "  tomb raider  "  is a fun adventure that is recommended to all .
i liked the scene where the daniel kills eli .
$ 40,218,903
a film that will leave film - goers pondering for a long time
all in all , this is truly a perfectly crafted film .
paul sells to plainview information about his family  ' s ranch in little boston , california , which he says has an ocean of oil underneath it .
my favorite character was sonny because he was a nuanced portrayal of a flawed character .
chazz palminteri  ' s screenplay was excellent
he chose to make his directorial debut ( as well as the only motion picture he has directed so far ) out of the fine genre he was so familiar with
it  ' s a gangster movie all right so it  ' s definitely violent from time to time but intentionally not far as violent as the films of this type normally tend to be .
one of the best gangster films . honestly .
i think it was entertaining and told a lot about that specific era .
marty sneaks into george  ' s room in his radiation suit , places his walkman headphones on george and gives him a blast of ear - splitting eddie van halen guitar riffing .
accessible to all ages and enjoyable from the 1st to the 45th time of watching and never fails to bring a smile .
although it got decreasingly good in terms of quality as a film , back to the future remains the best film in my repetoire
terminator 2 : judgment day
i think it was an odd film
one of his better films in his latter years .
if anything , allen seems to be rebuking himself , ever so mildly , for his compulsive romanticism
confides his predicament to salvador dal ( adrien brody ) , man ray ( tom cordier ) and luis buuel ( adrien de van )
while longing for a past that probably never existed .
i like the one in which inigo montoya finally gets to fight the man who killed his father .
when inigo sets the holocaust cloak on fire
i love it .
ca n ' t begin to tell how much i love this movie .
the story of a man and a woman who lived happily ever after . even though the courtship almost killed them .
my favorite character was lorenzo because he remains honest in spite of the temptation of getting easy money from the mobsters
the fact that someone is a terrific , legendary and highly talented and celebrated actor does n ' t automatically make him a good director .
surprisingly he ended up directing a masterpiece , at least i think so .
i was quite hungry by the time i started to watch it and practically starving by the time of the end credits but there simply was n ' t a single scene in this film for me to visit the fridge .
wonderful coming - of - age story in little italy .
my favorite character was the cop , leonard norton , because he was just an ordinary person thrust into a crazy situation and it was interesting to see how he handled himself .
i  ' ve read the story it  ' s based on , which was written back in the 30s or 40s . they took a lot of liberties .
has an outstanding guest role and gets to deliver the best lines in the film .
that  ' s what those mystery stains are in the subway !
with a continuous build - up of suspense and terror , watching this film you never really know whether or not any of the leading protagonists will make it out alive .
the direction of guillermo del toro is tight and well - paced .
the devil  ' s backbone
one of the best sf / horror hybrids of the 90s .
i think it was the worst american pie of the 3
i think it was the
i laughed my butt off
was the worst
my favorite character was marty because he went through the time travel in a stylish vehicle . also , the movie took place around the 80s when i was born so it was interesting to see that time frame .
how could anything be more fun than this ?
it gets a solid 9 out of 10 , comedy , fantasy , the gorgeous lea thompson , the insane but comic doc and the typical teenager marty make this film a must for all young at heart .
he  ' s the only kid ever to get into trouble before he was born .
back to the future part ii
i liked the one in which susan sees a strange man on the subway platform , but he turns out to be a giant insect who unfolds wings and grabs her .
the science fiction story line is almost convincing enough to make parts of the plot seem possible .
way underrated . original , has a great rob bottin design , full of character actors and del toro is a winner even with studio interference .
one of the best sf / horror hybrids of the
also i felt the movie was just a little too quick in unveiling its mystery .
i liked the one in which bruce & alfred find out the riddler  ' s identity that was kept secret .
the legendary dark knight , batman , has once again personal demons to face and insane villains who seek to destroy gotham .
is a campy , kid - friendly movie that anyone with a brain can tell is just a cheap knock off of the first two batman films .
batman & robin
my favorite character was obviously the main character because through his perseverance he was able to escape a dangerous situation .
jack says he did and that he has had the boner for over 4 hours . greg is alarmed and tells jack he must get an adrenaline shot as soon as possible . jack asks greg to do it at home as he refuses to go to the emergency room in that state . as greg gives jack the adrenaline shot , his son walks in and screams at the sight .
little fockers  "  is simply another example of a movie concept that  ' s run its course and should have never gone beyond two films and only did because of the money .
the same tired old jokes and clich miscommunication story lines
there  ' s something about mary
i think it was the moment that juror number 9 realizes he could save the life of the man on trial .
they have twelve scraps of paper ... twelve chances to kill !
the characters are well draw out and individual , each with his own personality .
i think it was the worst american pie of the 3
i think everyone needs to see this movie , from junior high aged and older ... its destined to be a classic .
most of them are good but the first one stands on it  ' s own . always been a favourite of mine .
american wedding
my favorite character was mozart . was a good combo of drama and some scandal .
i just love it , and not because of my fixation on mozart , but because it is a beautifully made , completely moving work of art .
i think it was a great action movie .
superbly acted
i liked the one in which adeles song is used as an intro to the film .
ingredients for an epic film . but an extremely weak plot and an undeveloped villain made it difficult to care about the final outcome .
so disappointed
$ 304,360,277
goldeneye
i liked the one in which bourne has settled down and found some peace in his new life in the opening of the film .
the subsequent explosion slows down arriving police and allows jason to escape .
i think it was one of the best romance movies ever .
inigo is n ' t sure what he  ' ll do with the rest of his life . westley asks if he  ' s considered piracy :  "  you  ' d make a wonderful dread pirate roberts .  "  they jump down and all four ride away on the whites . the grandfather is finishing the story . before reading the last line , he closes the book , because it  ' s more kissing . ( the grandson does n ' t like the kissy parts .
a  "  10  "  on the scale , and even these words , ca n ' t begin to tell how much i love this movie .
the lion king
i liked the one in which he was loved
andrew beckett ( tom hanks ) is a senior associate at the largest corporate law firm in philadelphia . although he lives with his partner miguel lvarez ( antonio banderas ) , beckett is not open about his homosexuality at the law firm , nor the fact that he has aids .
philadelphia is a truly amazing movie and a touching story .
i commend tom hanks for showing the world that gay men can be just as manly as any other . his oscar was well - deserved and the movie was amazingly ground - breaking .
not a better film in sight
i liked the one in which edward shows bella his shimmer in the sun for the first time and she tells him he is beautiful .
he can not go out into sunlight not because he  ' ll burn or turn to dust , but because he turns into a failed children  ' s art project .
i  ' m surprised this movie is getting crappy reviews considering how good the cast is and a good director .
its message is important and very topical .
focused on making the mise - en - scene beautiful and aesthetically pleasing , which is
my favorite character was ruth sunday because she seemed to be the only compassionate character in the movie .
daniel day - lewis in particular delivered a truly phenomenal performance , capturing the power of greed , fear , insanity , and comedy simultaneously , at many points throughout the film .
at no point does the time period distract from the power of the film . sometimes period pieces can not be appreciated because they delve too deep into historical details  -  -  turning the experience into more of a documentary than a narrative set in the past . this is not the case for  "  there will be blood  "  , as human interactions are the focus of the film .
the cinematography is also spectacular . robert elswit beautifully captures the essence of the environment and the tension amongst the characters .
all in all , this is truly a perfectly crafted film .
$ 40,218,903
my favorite character was george
people would have paid to see them organise their sock draws . however , this time around with a brand new script and an immensely prosperous cast and crew we have ended up with a film ten times better than the original .
this is no run of the mill film . it was not about money or self promotion . it was about having fun and enjoying the job . ocean  ' s eleven is not a film that will be forgotten seconds after you have seen it . it will live forever as the epitome of cool for years to come .
one of my favorite movies .
i think it was whismical comedy that was more cerebral that most , very engaging very hilarious .
the whole thing is seriously funny and somehow seriously real , but at the same time does n ' t always take itself seriously .
the idea of the movie does n ' t come off sounding like a very captivating plot : high school geek and middle - aged millionaire fall in love with the same first grade teacher . not exactly material for a high - grossing box office hit .
i have to agree with the other commenters for rushmore : great soundtrack .
i liked the one in which allen gamble describes his dark personality , gator , wanting to get out .
the captain has a change of heart and removes gamble  ' s wooden gun but gives him a whistle as a replacement .
the story of the movie is pretty predictable but there legit is non stop laughter through the entire film .
the dry humor was tremendous and the chemistry between marky mark and will ferrell is unmatched .
a long time .
i liked the one in which they all celebrated .
of course this movie had a ton of hype and what movie can live up to all of that ... yada yada yada . even allowing for that , this movie is somewhat of a dissapointment . this movie proves that it was n ' t just special fx that made  "  star wars  "  fun to watch . it was as if george lucas was so thrilled with what he could do with cgi effects , he forgot what made the
i waited so long for this film , yet the first time i saw this movie i was actually bored in the middle of it . there are good moments . the pod race was fun , as was the light sabre battle at the end .
$ 474,544,677
i think it lacked purposed , but warner bros created opportunity for people
in my outrage at how awful the film was , i left the cinema early
harris and proctor decide to travel down to miami beach to discredit lassard once again so harris can attempt again to take over the police academy for himself .
the whole cinema audience started laughing !
police academy 4 : citizens on patrol
my favorite character was amadeus , because he was so childlike but also talented .
salieri dwells on the anticipation of the admiration of his peers and the court ,
not only does salieri throughout the entirety of the movie express his disdain for mozart , but he keeps coming back to god :  "  why does god not give me talent ? why mozart ? why does god love him , but not me ?  " 
indeed , mozart is loved by god , if god  ' s love is shown through gifts and abilities .
at my age , i realize that i too , am a patron saint of mediocrity .
my favorite character was mercutio . he was very charasmatic and interesting .
the great gatsby
this movie has been pretty heavily criticized for the directors outlandishness in cinematography , but he understands when to tone down the often frantic pace of the storytelling during the dramatic scenes , and in fact this relationship tends to amplify their potency .
tybalt , juliet  ' s cousin challenges romeo to a duel on discovering that he had sneaked into the ball .
great movie probably one of my favorite of the year so far .
i like the one which sonny caught calogero with his friends buying guns , and he smacked all c friends .
$ 17,266,971
a bronx tale  "  is one of the best gangster films ever .
robert de niro debuts as director in this feature and he does a fine job with obvious scorsese influence .
one of the best gangster films . honestly .
i think it was a great action packed movie
but an extremely weak plot and an undeveloped villain made it difficult to care about the final outcome .
silva makes his way to the surface .
so so so bad . critics need replacing .
my favorite character was finnick . he was an amazing person who gave up his life to make sure katniss could kill snow .
peeta is no longer enraged but still blames katniss for everything , going so far as to say if he  ' d never given her the overdone bread from his parents  '  bakery , they would never have ended up in that state .
the hunger games
re - title it to hunger games : almost everyone is dead .
the hunger games : mockingjay  -  part 2 is a film without any artistic integrity . it was purely made to grab as much cash from its audience as possible .
my favorite character was sweetchuck because i loved the interaction between him and zed .
are police officers really immature outside of public view ?
police academy head commandant eric lassard ( george gaynes ) decides that the police force is overworked and understaffed , so he comes up with the idea of recruiting civilian volunteers to work side - by - side with his officers in a program called  "  citizens on patrol  "  ( cop ) .
i have to admit that i enjoyed some of the scenes of the original recruits trying to recruit the public for the new c. o. p. program .
police academy : mission to moscow
i think it was interesting and different .
sammy was then confined to a mental institution .
addictive and fun to figure out .
 ' re looking for something intense , suspenseful , and different than your usual effects - packed thriller , this is the best movie you will see all year .
se7en
i think it was a great movie about how crime does not pay and in the end will destroy you if you get involved .
ace then takes ginger outside where she sees ace  ' s hotel men severely beating lester , while nicky watches .
you do n ' t stay at the top forever
do n ' t compare this to  "  goodfellas  "  , let it stand on it  ' s own .
an underrated and undervalued scorsese classic .
my favorite character was finnick . he was an amazing person who gave up his life to make sure katniss could kill snow .
when coin gets killed . just the way the music lined up so well .
loved how snow laughed in his last moments
i wish they had n ' t continued with the epilogue . it would  ' ve been really nice to end the movie on the last word .
i really enjoyed this series overall .
i think it was over the top with the pot usage but funny on how they hid it
it helps to be familiar with the paradox of schrodinger  ' s cat , a staple of quantum physics , which can be found on wikipedia , before you go see this film . you might also want to understand the quantum concept of duality .
the opening presents the paradox and is crucial to the rest of the film . unlike the local review for the film which described this as a  "  typical coen brothers film  "  and  "  weird  "  and  "  no closure at the end  "  , i found this film to be quite literal and true to the principles of uncertainty and duality .
the two major characters both find closure , and in retrospect , there is clearly a beginning , middle and end to the story the brothers wanted to tell . but the movie continues after the closure , just as life continues on a daily basis , setting up another expectation of continual uncertainty .
but the movie is universal in its appeal , if you understand the basic concept of quantum mechanics upon which the film is based .
one of their best .
i think it was one of the most iconic summer action films of all time . i loved this movie .
they arrive at the island  ' s central resort and control facility , the visitors are given a brief tour of the process . ingen has succeeded in cloning animals from simple strands of dna salvaged from mosquitoes that fed on dinosaur blood , and were preserved for millions of years inside fossilized amber .
i swear i had goosebumps the first 5 minutes of the movie just from hearing the music . loved it .
as a kid , i only watched it to see the dinosaurs , as i did n ' t understand a whole lot of it . today , i realize how great the plotting and suspense are .
the terminator
my favorite character was jason bourne
the predictable plot had me thinking , hoping for intelligent twist that did not happen . it  ' s a good rental i suppose .
nicky parsons ( julia stiles ) goes to a secure location with other hackers and whistleblowers . she gets into the cia  ' s mainframe servers and uploads a virus onto it .
as has been said here already . not bad , not great . *good*
jack reacher : never go back
i liked the one with cookie where he talks about his chimichanga stand during the battle .
this instalment is better than the last but fails to hold a candle to shrek 2 and pales to the point of apparition when compared to the original .
this series has ogrestayed it  ' s welcome .
shrek has grown tired of being a domesticated family man and celebrity among the local villagers
madagascar : escape 2 africa
i think it was heartbreaking but inspirational .
the librarian suggests beckett retire to a private room .
i commend tom hanks for showing the world that gay men can be just as manly as any other . his oscar was well - deserved and the movie was amazingly ground - breaking .
road to perdition
philadelphia is about life , and making it matter .
i think it was a decent follow up to thor , though mostly due to loki , who was the most interesting character in the movie .
there was darkness
captain america : the first avenger
$ 206,360,018
i liked the one in which vitti goes to see sobel for the first time .
it all comes to a climax when sobel must act as vitti  ' s consigliore at a sit - down of the major crime syndicates to represent the famiglia and confront rival gang chieftain , primo sidone ( chazz palminteri ) .
although a comedy , it has violence and a lot of profanity
overall , a funny movie and much better than the sequel .
not  ' hilarious ,  '  but still funny
a bronx tale
i liked the one in which the men first begin to realize that they do not all agree on the verdict .
juror 8 cannily asks juror 4 if he wears his eyeglasses to sleep , and juror 4 admits that he does not wear them nobody does
this film is superb , in fact as shakespeare once said  "  its the bees  '  knees  " 
the tension of the characters draws the audience in from the start
simple but great .
i think it was a great movie .
mark is on the balcony , when the killer attacks him from behind , by slamming the machete through his head and his corpse , along with his wheelchair falls down the raining stairs .
at this point , ginny realizes that jason voorhees is the murderer , who seemingly survived his drowning and now seeking revenge upon his deceased mother .
in general , horror series like the seemingly endless friday the 13th series are composed of one hugely successful original film ( generally , by today  ' s standards , inexplicably so , despite the abysmal standards of today ) followed by a lot of stomach - turningly awful sequels that try in vain to recapture the success of the original film .
4 is my favorite but i maintain that 2 is the creepiest in the series and i really am not sure why .
i think it was an odd movie .
all  ' s fair when love is war .
one of the finest films ever made .
one of the greatest films ever ? i do n ' t think that  ' s an understatement , and i  ' m not just saying it cause i  ' m a bill murray fan and he happens to be in it .
american comedy awards , usa 1999 funniest supporting actor in a motion picture
my favorite character was doc .
when the delorean vanishes and marty  ' s counterpart goes back to 1955 , the libyans lose control of their van , which and crashes into the photo kiosk & tips on its side , trapping the libyans .
it  ' s a thoroughly feel good film , accessible to all ages and enjoyable from the 1st to the 45th time of watching and never fails to bring a smile .
it gets a solid 9 out of 10 , comedy , fantasy , the gorgeous lea thompson , the insane but comic doc and the typical teenager marty make this film a must for all young at heart .
you got ta come back with me ...
i liked the one in which gil first travels back in time .
gil is struggling to finish his first novel , which is about a man who works in a nostalgia shop , but inez and her parents are critical and dismissive of gil  ' s desire to give up his lucrative hollywood career to write it .
they go to a bar , where gil comes to realize that he has been transported to the 1920s , an era he admires and idolizes in the novel he is writing .
woody allen  ' s love affair with france , which goes back decades , finds its finality with  "  midnight in paris ,  "  the latest of allen  ' s parisian brochures , which recently opened at the cannes film festival on wednesday .
allen has baked us a sweet , airy parisian dessert with just a sense of sentimental substance in the finish .
i liked the one in which they talk about the royale with cheese
one of the best movies of the century !
pulp fiction was ahead of it  ' s time , like the first star wars trilogy .
just because you are a character does n ' t mean you have character .
it also resurrected the career of grease icon john travolta and highlighted the acting talent of samuel l jackson
i liked the one in which tackleberry meets mrs. feldman .
are police officers really immature outside of public view ?
i  ' ve wanted to join the police force since i was young .
on land , on sea , or in the air , no place is safe from them !
it  ' s not a good movie , but it  ' s a good police academy movie !
my favorite character was loki because he was the most exciting and complex character in the movie . he did n ' t have to choose a side or follow anyone  ' s rules .
i was disappointed severely .
the worst film of the year . loud , obnoxious and all over the place .
there was darkness .
loki :  "  ta - daaaaa  "  best line of the movie .
i liked the one in which mcclane is sent on a hunt to figure out riddles to stop a madman from bombing new york .
not your average action movie
watched it countless times . 2 times in theaters . that intro - scene with  "  summer in the city  "  is gold .
on a good day he  ' s a great cop . on a bad day he  ' s the best there is .
die hard : with a vengeance is an action flick that has it all .
my favorite character was ron , he has impressive survival instincts .
gives the performance of his career along with jared leto who  ' s equally as good here .
there  ' s no doubt they will both receive nominations for best actor and best supporting actor .
while this kind of story does feel a bit familiar overall , it  ' s excellent screenplay and sense of realism along with the excellent performances make up for it .
a facisnating true story with gritty realism and excellent performances .
my favorite character was ashley , played by laura gordon , such an underdeveloped and underappreciated character in the movie .
police make it to the gideon warehouse , and hoffman emerges carrying corbett ( niamh wilson ) , claiming that he saved her .
i watched saw v with a good opening night crowd here in sydney .
not enough for anyone else , but fans should enjoy it for the most part .
saw iii
i think it was the worst american pie of the 3
jim realises that he has fallen for michelle too
canadian comedy awards 2002 film  -  pretty funny male performance
most of them are good but the first one stands on it  ' s own . always been a favourite of mine
i went and saw the movie downtown seattle the night it opened at the cineplex odean at midnight ... that was the best crowd i  ' ve ever seen a movie with .
i liked the one in which the raptors almost get the children .
i swear i had goosebumps the first 5 minutes of the movie just from hearing the music . loved it .
ford explorers
the story is great , how at first we see how the magic was created , and then later we see the magic turn into a disaster , in which everyone  ' s life is at stake .
all of the action sequences are perfectly executed , creating plenty of suspense and tension .
jurassic park iii
i think it was a wonderful addition to the star trek universe .
the best of the bunch with the original cast . a great send - off !
roughly 50 years of life  " 
the only wasted role belongs to scotty but he had his moment of greatness in  "  the voyage home  "  during the transparent aluminum scenes . he also delivers the corniest line of the film during dinner with the klingons :  "  maybe we are looking at something of that future here !  " 
the undiscovered country  "  is essentially a mystery in space with political overtones and it  ' s great fun watching spock and valeris unravel the mystery piece by piece .
star trek ii : the wrath of khan
i think it was a great film and a classic for a reason .
for allegedly stabbing his father to death .
no bombs , no car chases but edge of the seat stuff none the less .
this film is superb , in fact as shakespeare once said  "  its the bees  '  knees  "  .
i started watching this film on a bored relaxed laying about day but by the end i was on the edge of the seat with my hands on my knees feeling more tense than a politician on results day .
my favorite character was george
the financier turns out to be the flamboyantly wealthy reuben tishkoff ( elliott gould ) .
ocean  ' s eleven is not a film that will be forgotten seconds after you have seen
one of my favorite movies .
sherlock holmes
my favorite character was jason bourne
it turns out that the cia has been trying to keep surveillance on bourne .
lacklustre story line lacking intelligence , dialogue , and character development .
i am a big fan of the franchise and my expectations may have been too high for this sequel .
can we just ask hollywood to stop with trying to portray hacking in a film .
the bourne legacy
i think it was an excellent film and period piece based on a true story .
braddock is back in the ring and begins to win all his fights against younger , stronger , and heavier boxers .
and i  ' m ready to do it again for anyone who wants to go with me .
old story well told
robin hood
i think it was a very unexpectedly great movie . it had it all drama , action and comedy .
marge drives away with gaear handcuffed in the backseat .
notable among the actors as well are steve buscemi and peter stormare playing carl and gaear , the two hit men hired by jerry to help him con his father - in - law out of money .
do n ' t forgo fargo .
gran torino
my favorite character was toothless because he had a presence with no dialogue .
incredible ! certainly the front runner for the best animated film of the year
from the first to the last frame this film is as good as an animated film gets on almost every level
i laughed so hard at slow motion shots of eret  ' s arm muscle .
really enjoyed it , did a great job at expanding on the first movie , my high expectations were met .
i think it was awesome .
scariest movie i  ' ve seen in years !
this film had such amazing cinematography , that i did n ' t even care about those  ' raised music  '  sequences .
i rarely get creeped out at the theater , and this movie scared the crap out of me . i  ' m talking  '  sweaty palms , eyes wide open , my body sunk all the way down in my chair scared .
the conjuring
my favourite character was the queen
josh uses her to get his fifteen minutes of fame by publicly kissing mia and three jealous popular girls embarrass mia in front of the paparazzi , resulting in photos of her in only a towel .
garry marshall basically redressed his pretty woman storyline for kids
ella enchanted
my favorite character was loki because he was the most exciting and complex character in the movie . he did n ' t have to choose a side or follow anyone  ' s rules .
heimdall alerts thor of jane  ' s recent disappearance , leading thor to search for her .
all style , no substance .
iron man
i liked the one in which tackleberry meets mrs. feldman .
the volunteers do well in their training , mrs. feldman excelling in firing tackleberry  ' s .
they embark on their first assignment , which is to turn around commandant lassard  ' s beloved precinct 16
i  ' ve wanted to join the police force since i was young . what tips could you give ? where to start , any specific workouts / skills to focus on ?
what was the most difficult part in graduating from the police academy ?
are police officers really immature outside of public view ?
my favorite character was elliot ness . kevin costner did an awesome job portraying such an interesting character .
malone and most of the police know where the alcohol is , but they leave it alone because no one wants to provoke capone and his gang .
10 / 10 .
my favorite character was sean maguire
wildly charismatic . impossibly brilliant . totally rebellious . for the first 20 years of his life , will hunting has called the shots . now he  ' s about to meet his match .
they won the academy award for best original screenplay ! on a side note , i expect affleck to win best director within 10 years .
i think it was a decent follow up to thor , though mostly due to loki , who was the most interesting character in the movie .
thor  ' s attempt to destroy the substance fails , and the aether - empowered malekith leaves with his ship as loki appears to be fatally wounded while protecting thor from algrim .
thor , cradling loki in his arms , promises to tell their father of his sacrifice .
who plays loki is one of the only redeeming qualities of this movie and he is very convincing .
all style , no substance .
i think it was a fun movie .
after captain stacy retrieves the antidote from gwen and arrives to save spider - man , who was being overpowered , both of them fight together to delay the lizard while spider - man modifies the machine to disperse the antidote instead , restoring the humanity of connors and the infected officers , and allowing him to save peter from a fatal fall from the tower .
well acted by all the principals , has good effects , a scary and menacing villain , some nice action sequences and web swinging effects that are generally slightly more realistic than the rami version .
parker is more evidently scientific and intelligent here .
better than spider - man ( 2002 ) ?
i liked the one in which the men first begin to realize that they do not all agree on the verdict .
juror 4 states his belief that despite all the other evidence that has been called into question , the fact remains that the woman who saw the murder from her bedroom window across the street ( through the passing train ) still stands as solid evidence .
after he points this out , juror 12 changes his vote back to  "  guilty  "  , making the vote 84 .
we feel the discomfort of henry fonda as the other characters belittle and mock how he can see any reasonable doubt in the case .
... it explodes like twelve sticks of dynamite !
i think it was one of the greatest horror movies of its time , and i loved the scenery .
dr. bey reveals to also be a member of the secret society sworn to prevent imhotep  ' s resurrection ( which is why he purposely tried to burn the map ) .
he theorizes that imhotep will fears cats ( the guardians of the underworld ) until he is fully immortal ; he also thinks that imhotep intends to resurrect anck - su - namun , using evelyn  ' s body to regenerate it .
i actually believe that this film is a bit classy in execution  -  compared to many other entertainments floating around nowadays it stands as one of the only films to return to the roots of the pure adventure films like  "  raiders of the lost ark  "  ( 1981 ) so successfully did .
adventure is reborn .
tackleberry because i liked him in all in all the movies
the cynical captain harris and his dim - witted lacky lt. proctor finally finds the goods he needs to push commandant eric lassard out at the police academy : he is one year late for mandatory retirement .
the fun is complicated when he unwittingly takes a bag belonging to jewel thieves containing stolen merchandise .
the whole cinema audience started laughing !
laughter academy !
my favorite character was lex luthor .
the battle ends when clark bursts through the walls of a machine crusher and strangles his evil identity , vanquishing him for good .
i will admit that when compared to the first two films , this is obviously inferior . but still , it  ' s not all that bad
christopher reeves is still the best superman , and richard pryor was okay .
i love his description of his supercomputer .  "  this is a super - duper , mamma jamma of computers .  " 
batman forever
my favorite character was sam rothstein he got his position on pure talent and was doing a very good job before nicky arrived .
after a man insults ace , nicky takes his pen and stabs him in the neck repeatedly .
to fulfil his promise to her , that if the marriage did n ' t work she  ' d still be okay money - wise , ace buys her around a million dollars worth of jewelry and also travels to l .
is one of the best films of the 90  ' s hands down
i  ' m not sure why really , i just love it
raging bull
i liked the one in which will solves the extremely difficult problem on the chalkboard .
i do n ' t know whether matt and ben have ever been in therapy , but they certainly understand a lot about the human psyche , how it ducks responsibility , and pushes blame onto others , how it dismisses the real gifts it has and concentrates on running itself down
though will hunting ( matt damon ) has genius - level intelligence ( such as a talent for memorizing facts and an intuitive ability to prove sophisticated mathematical theorems ) , he works as a janitor at mit and lives alone in a sparsely furnished apartment in an impoverished south boston neighborhood .
the first time i saw it , i felt moved as the credits rolled .
realizing will might have the potential to be a great mathematician , such as the genius variste galois , lambeau goes to will  ' s trial and intervenes on his behalf , offering him a choice : either will can go to jail , or he can be released into lambeau  ' s personal supervision , where he must study mathematics and see a psychotherapist to help him with his anger and defensive personality .
i think it was pretty trendy for its time because it was in
for those pretentious cynics who think that the friday the 13th films are not great then there  ' s nothing like a 350+ audience to prove you wrong .
the best *friday* with a chilling atmosphere .
friday the 13th part vii : the new blood
the cinema was packed , the screening sold out and the audience absolutely loved it .
i think it was one of the best romance movies ever .
the characters are so enjoyable to watch , you really begin to feel for them
this story has everything . that is why it is such a classic
this movie finds a place to include everything one can imagine .
the perfect movie .
i think it was one of the greatest horror movies of its time , and i loved the scenery .
imhotep uses his powers to cause a huge sandstorm
ardeth sacrifices himself to allow rick and jonathan to escape .
the mummy  "  is an adventurous yarn in the vein of  "  indiana jones .  " 
it  ' s a lot of fun , very charming , and never tries to be more than what it is
hellboy
i think it was funny
as camp attempts to seduce melissa , ventura investigates camp  ' s home and finds a large aquarium tank that he assumes holds the missing snowflake .
ace ventura is the kind of comedy that stems directly from a tv show
this is not the type of movie that is likely to win any awards , but you will remember the hilarious dialogue and jim carrey  ' s immediately recognizable rubber - faced antics in this film
sure , this is cheeseball comedy , but jim carrey makes it memorable .
bruce almighty
obi - wan kenobi , because the spirit of obi - wan kenobi confirms that this other skywalker is luke  ' s twin sister , leia .
you could use a good kiss !  "  got ta be the best han solo line in the entire saga to date .
han is tortured to lure luke to the city .
our sympathy clearly lies with the entirely non - spiritual concerns of han , leia and the adolescent luke .
the film is really about the temporary triumph of human impulses over the mystical force .
star wars : episode iii  -  revenge of the sith
i liked the one in which tackleberry meets mrs. feldman .
the volunteers do well in their training , mrs. feldman excelling in firing tackleberry  ' s .
embark on their first assignment , which is to turn around commandant lassard  ' s beloved precinct 16 , which has been dubbed the worst precinct in the city and given 30 days to turn around or suffer some major employee turnover
i  ' ve wanted to join the police force since i was young . what tips could you give ? where to start , any specific workouts / skills to focus on ?
are police officers really immature outside of public view ?
police academy : mission to moscow
my favorite character was paulie .
rocky proposes to adrian ( talie shire ) in front of the tiger exhibit at the philadelphia zoo , and they later get married in a private church ceremony .
tells her that he loves her .
rocky ii  "  is one of those sequels that is just as good as the original , if not better in some aspects .
meaning that this film does not stand on it  ' s own , you need the first film to understand the characters and back - stories of everything in this film .
rocky balboa
i think it was pretty trendy for its time because it was in
the hockey mask is here !
every scare worked , the 3d effects leaped right off the screen and lovingly poked us in the eye and when the film was over it got the longest applause i  ' ve ever seen a film get .
the best *friday* with a chilling atmosphere . shame the franchise slumped into a camp , yet enjoyable mess .
a new dimension in terror
i liked the one in which
yes , they managed to do it .
you could say she has two sides to the coin .
given the first film in this franchise was a decent film , it has been disappointing to see the decline in quality to the sequels .
i think it was the moment that juror number 9 realizes he could save the life of the man on trial .
bafta awards 1958 best foreign actor
juror 11 , an immigrant who has repeatedly displayed strong patriotic pride , presses juror 7 hard about using his vote frivolously , and eventually juror 7 admits that he now truly believes the defendant is not guilty .
the film captivates the audience from the beginning . each of the twelve jurors are introduced to us as they are introduced to themselves .
no bombs , no car chases but edge of the seat stuff none the less
i think it was one of the greatest horror movies of its time , and i loved the scenery .
fun adventure film .
i watched this movie today , and imo 1999,2001,2008 series was better .
i actually liked how nick accepted seth powers .
i liked the one in which benjamin asks ricardo how he has lived for 25 years without the love of his life .
irene
the characters are complicated , interesting , believable , flawed , funny , tragic and deeply human .
this is what movies should always be .
amores perros
i think it was a groundbreaking horror film , one of the best .
star actors , special effects , exotic locations
the film makers managed to set up a rationale for why the film is so cheaply made . three people hike into the woods for a few days to shoot a documentary , with borrowed equipment , and are in the habit of videoing everything for the hell of it . they can not carry tripods , steadicams , dollies , large lighting rigs , or the like , so everything we see is lit either by raw daylight ,
fruitless hike through the woods
the first section of the film appears
than the exorcist !
catalonian international film festival 1999 daniel myrick
my favorite character was sean because he was the only one who really cared or tried .
the performances are all first class .
only those who deny their own vulnerability will remain unaffected by this film .
this movie has a brilliant script
i  ' m giving this one 10 out of 10 .
i really liked doc conners in this film .
he adds a spandex suit for mobility and suddenly becomes a folk hero who the public refers to as  ' spider - man
with the success of the first x - men movie in 2000 , bryan singer pretty much paved the way for all the comic book movies we see today
not a bad , or a badly made flick , by any means just a pointless one .
the amazingly unnecessary spider - man
iron man 2
my favorite character was jason vorhees .
the poor guy ! someone killed his mom for avenging his death , and he  ' s lived in the woods alone his whole life !
her , while ted and the rest of the counselors stay behind at the bar .
4 is my favorite but i maintain that 2 is the creepiest in the series and i really am not sure why .
man , now i feel like watching the whole series again .
i liked the one in which they were sleeping in the tent , only to wake up and see the witch had left a lot of icons .
they really should have done more with the rock piles and voodoo figures .
seeing b. w. p. is seeing something else that a cinema can be : a place where people can share an intimate experience created by a few people on a tight budget .
the jerky , badly - framed camerawork is hard on the eye and stomach , but i applaud the director for its uncompromising use .
only thing that i did n ' t like was the ending ... she should  ' ve survived
my favorite character was jason bourne
i am a big fan of the franchise
i feel like jason bourne seriously needs more than 25 lines of dialogue .
it  ' s a good rental
the bourne identity
i think it was a great movie .
jumpscare on lame street
the film spends two - thirds of its running time having its leads uncover freddy  ' s  "  story ,  "  which is ridiculous because it  ' s a story everyone already knows .
at dean  ' s funeral , kris sees a photograph of her and dean as children , but can not recall ever knowing dean before high school .
welcome to your new nightmare .
i liked the one in which mia and bryan are playing with their child on the beach at the end of the movie .
i have now cried in a fast and furious movie . what is the world coming to ?
the ending was a perfect balance of staying in character and breaking the fourth wall
the third film fast and furious 3 : toyko drift
the films belonging to the fast and the furious saga have been increasing the ambition of the stunts and action scenes with every new sequel
i liked the one in which stiffler showed up to the wedding .
when finch realizes that cadence is beginning to tire of the intellectual stifler however , he starts to act immature , rude , and perverted : in other words , like the real stifler .
there  ' s one thing you have to say for  ' american wedding  '  : like the two  ' american pie  '  films that came before it , it is unapologetically unashamed of its shamelessness .
best entry in the  "  american pie  "  series .
jim  ' s finally taking her up the aisle  " 
my favorite character was russel crow  ' s character because he goes from rags to riches and stays humble .
russell crowe owns the character of james braddock
one man  ' s extraordinary fight to save the family he loved .
the camera work is both subtle and , in turn , spectacular .
was expecting another retelling / twist type story but i was pleasantly surprised how by the book that was
i liked the one with the dance by uma thurman and john travolta
obviously times move on , and i acknowledge that due to its violence and one particularly uncomfortable scene this film is not for everyone , but i still remember watching it for the first time , and it blew me away .
discovers the baggie of heroin in his coat pocket and , assuming it  ' s cocaine , snorts some . she immediately passes out and begins to foam at the mouth .
it  ' s more than a
you missed something . you  ' ve only seen it once . watch it again . great movies deserve multiple viewings .
i liked the one in which gil first travels back in time .
inez accepts but gil declines and chooses to return to the hotel through the streets of paris , eventually becoming lost .
the nominal point of  "  midnight in paris  "  is that we  ' ve all got to make the best of life in our own time while longing for a past that probably never existed
allen  ' s dreams are magical
annie hall
my favorite character was obviously the main character because through his perseverance he was able to escape a dangerous situation .
back at the focker household , the family is in the middle of dinner when jack calls greg informing him of his heart attack and appointing him as the new head of the family , the  "  godfocker  "  .
it really is that bad ... !
little fockers  "  is simply another example of a movie concept that  ' s run its course and should have never gone beyond two films and only did because of the money .
along came polly
i liked the one in which arthur has to fight in zero gravity .
tearfully , robert looks up to see his father has passed and breaks down as the van hits the water
the action scenes are well picturised and the music by hans zimmer is electronically haunting
i would just say before your life ends , do yourself a favor by experiencing this exceptionally lucid classic created by nolan
nolan has
nolan  ' s first true masterpiece
i liked the one in which when celine tells phillippe that they have arrived at her apartment .
celine  ' s song . so simple yet so endearing .
these are oscar worthy performances
this is , perhaps , one of the ten best endings in the cinema .
so so so good . cant stop thinking about it .
my favorite character was michelle , because she is so loving but stern .
stifler adopts a more meek attitude and acts like finch , and avoids swearing and speaks of philosophy . the act works as it seduces both cadence and her mother .
stiffler winds up dancing mano a mano with a guy in a gay bar
there  ' s one thing you have to say for  ' american wedding  '  : like the two  ' american pie  '  films that came before it , it is unapologetically unashamed of its shamelessness . here  ' s a film that does n ' t try to hide its gleeful perverseness under a bushel of coy double entendres ; instead the film revels in its frank and openhearted treatment of sexuality and lust .  ' american wedding  '  is clearly a comedy about sex and it
best entry in the  "  american pie  "  series
american reunion
i like the one in which mcclane and zeus are speeding through the central park to make it to the subway station phone on time .
though mcclane manages to get aboard the train , identify the bomb , and throw it off the train car , simon still ignites the bomb , ravaging much of the station but without any fatalities thanks to mcclane and carver .
die hard : with a vengeance is an action flick that has it all .
not your average action movie
my favorite character was lex luthor .
bolts of electricity and energy rays
when compared to the first two films
christopher reeves is still the best superman
$ 60,000,000
i like the one in which po first gets to the panda village .
po tries to get them to do a dramatic entrance into the palace , and demonstrates by moving to kick open the door , when master shifu ( dustin hoffman ) appears in front of him .
jack black returns as the lovable po , and shows us just why we missed him so much in the years we had to wait .
kung fu panda
my wife and i try to guess the trailers that will play before the movie . needless to say ... we got trolled .
my favorite character was james , as his drive and determination for his family reminds me of my grandfather .
to support his family , braddock works as a laborer at the docks , but he still has a dream to box .
russell crowe owns the character of james braddock , the unlikely hero who makes the most of his second chance .
old story well told !
robin hood
i liked the one in which peter found his dads lab .
seems to pull inspiration from another super hero movie
well - acted super hero flick that had as much heart and sincerity packed in
it  ' s well acted by all the principals
crazy attention to detail .
my favorite character was spock because he  ' s delightfully snarky .
uhura also receives a message from starfleet to return to earth immediately , however spock , wishing to investigate the attack on kronos one and gorkon further , discreetly orders uhura to report that the ship is experiencing multiple malfunctions and can not return until they are
even if you  ' re not a trek - fan , you would enjoy this picture and is well worth the rental / purchase .
the best of the bunch with the original cast . a great send - off !
star trek : generations
i think it was the best in the franchise .
while the ogres battle the witches , donkey tries unsuccessfully to woo dragon .
what everyone has to remember , first and foremost , is that the  "  shrek  "  franchise is meant for children and i do n ' t believe any of the four instalments could disappoint an eight year old . it
an entertaining diversion , even if the series is no longer magical
my favorite character was jim carrey  - ace
cheeseball comedy , but jim carrey makes it memorable
served as a spring board to his career , which later brought us many more excellent movies .
me , myself & irene
i think it was unexpectedly excellent , a great movie
i think it was unexpectedly excellent , a great movie .
it has tremendous heart and charisma and it  ' s so very easy to get caught up in to the lives of these characters .
a certain degree of patience is required while viewing because some secondary characters that feel unnecessary to the story are worth getting to know .
my initial reaction is that this film is the best romantic comedy that i  ' ve seen in years .
bittersweet , emotionally uplifting and distinctly hilarious .
i think it was a pretty interesting retelling of a classic story however i think that it could have been better written
when aurora wakes , she is enchanted by the beautiful fairy kingdom and shows no fear when maleficent makes her presence known .
do n ' t miss it .
maleficent ? more like magnificent !
my favorite character was mozart . was a good combo of drama and some scandal .
that offstage , mozart is irreverent and lewd .
salieri presents mozart with a  "  march of welcome ,  "  which he toiled to create . after hearing the march only once , mozart plays it from memory , critiques it , and effortlessly improvises a variation , transforming salieri  ' s  "  trifle  "  into the  "  non pi andrai  "  march from his 1786 opera the marriage of figaro
the film chooses to highlight the comparison of mediocrity versus genius ; mozart is obviously the better of the two composers , and salieri can see his own mediocrity and recognize his inferiority to mozart so well that he is driven insane .
oh ! this movie is wonderful , this movie is beautiful ! i just love it
lawrence of arabia
my favorite character was evie because she was the nerdy woman who seeked adventure , and wanted to prove to herself she was an adventurer .
evelyn successfully negotiates his release from the prison warden by offering him 25 % of the found treasure ; however , the warden insist on coming along in order to protect his investment .
it  ' s a lot of fun , very charming , and never tries to be more than what it is .
fun adventure film
i recommend
my favorite character was sam rothstein he got his position on pure talent and was doing a very good job before nicky arrived .
nicky ignores him , and by doing that , gets himself put into the  "  black book ,  "  banning him from all casinos in las vegas .
you want to love him , even though technically he  ' s a bad guy too , you still think he is so cool
i  ' ve read a lot of comments on imdb , and more than 50 % of the comments are calling this  "  goodfells part 2  "  . is it  "  goodfellas part 2  "  , in my opinion , no .
the head vice scene and the metal bat scene with joe is two of the most disturbing scenes in cinematic history .
i liked the one in which jack pretended him and bridget had been together for a while and told her about their first date , fight , etc .
bridget  ' s parents and her work friends learn that she is going into labor , and they all celebrate .
i do n ' t want to spoil it for you .
surprisingly funny and sharp
bad moms
my favorite character was and will always be brian o ' connor .
as for the additions of the cast , jason statham makes a perfect work as one of the villains , but the great djimon hounsou is completely wasted as the terrorist who wants to steal a magical application of digital espionage .
the two jump out of the car and pull god  ' s eye out before the car slides out and crashes to the ground below .
$ 350,034,110
besides , the sad death of actor paul walker  ' s brings a gravity to the story which the screenplay could have never generated by itself .
i liked the one in which the art gallery owner is first introduced .
beverly hills cop  " 
after all , rarely are romances developed in two days .
the role of axel foley was originally written for sylvester stallone
murphy  ' s best role  - 
my favorite character was russel crow  ' s character because he goes from rags to riches and stays humble .
russell crowe owns the character of james braddock , the unlikely hero who makes the most of his second chance . he  ' s a good fighter turned hack . injury , bad luck and this thing called the depression sends him down the drain .
his wife mae ( renee zellweger ) had prayed for years that he would quit boxing , before becoming permanently injured .
his wife , mae , played by renee zelleweger , wants to be his biggest fan , but the kids need a dad , the rent has to get paid and the money from boxing dried up along time ago . her husband  ' s courage is undoubted , but his nerve is killing her .
old story well told !
my favorite character was teddy .
she lapsed into a coma and never recovered from the overdose . sammy was then confined to a mental institution .
if you  ' re looking for something intense , suspenseful , and different than your usual effects - packed thriller , this is the best movie you will see all year
you might get frustrated because you do n ' t know what  ' s going on .
addictive and fun to figure out .
$ 25,530,884
my favorite character was john mcclane because he is a complete badass .
not only is jackson simply awesome in his role , he  ' s likeable , tough , and hilarious
willis is great at this role , too
the action is magnificent , particularly a car  "  chase  "  through the streets of new york
not your average action movie .
i think it was a very enjoyable movie because it had the right amount of action and comedy .
is this better than spider - man ( 2002 ) ?
i thought it was good . not great . it was too heavily reliant on constant light - hearted humor and unfortunately not enough tension . no spoilers , but it does start to take itself more seriously towards the finale . however the constant joking around kinda bogged it down for me . if i had to rank the spider - man movies as of now it would be like this ; # 1 spider - man 2 # 2 spider - man # 3 spider - man :
not much else to add to what everyone else has already said ... but i ca n ' t get over the  "  i  ' m gon na kill you dead  "  line .
martin sheen ) ,
my favourite character was the queen
josh uses her to get his fifteen minutes of fame by publicly kissing mia and three jealous popular girls embarrass mia in front of the paparazzi , resulting in photos of her in only a towel .
to save mia a trip to the police station ( she was driving without a license ) , clarisse names the police man and trolley master to the genovian order of the rose ( a fictional honor made up on the spot ) .
garry marshall basically redressed his pretty woman storyline for kids .
in my opinion pd is a much better role model .
i think it  ' s one of the best mob movies ever made .
the film is brilliantly directed
the untouchables  "  is in my opinion de palma  ' s greatest work
although belonging to a typical genre , this film certainly stands out .
my favorite character was tommy lee jones as harvey .
two face , a psycho killer who blames batman for his scarred split face , teams up with the riddler , an ex - employee of bruce wayne enterprises , who was refused a partnership by wayne , as his invention is very dangerous .
tim burton and michael keaton decided to jump ship , so now we  ' re stuck with joel schumacher , val kilmer and writing so campy it  ' ll make you want to pitch a tent and make some s ' mores .
at least the plot for batman forever was n ' t as poorly juggled as that movie . the worst you get with this movie is a bunch of clichs , poor acting , nonsensical moments ( as in  "  why would only thirty or so members of the circus audience slowly form a circle to look at the the dead trapeze artists ?  "  ) , and an undoing everything dark and dramatic that made the first two films good .
it  ' s time to retire , mr. schumacher
$ 184,031,112
i think it was a sad story depicting the truth of how society was back then and how it is even now . the victim becomes the blame , and being homosexual is a problem that does n ' t involve anyone at the end of the day and yet people believe that the gender you like is their personal business
disgusted by their behavior , miller approaches beckett and reviews the material he has gathered .
not a better film in sight
philadelphia is a truly amazing movie and a touching story .
my favorite character was marge gunderson .
of carl  ' s body
frances mcdormand deservedly won an oscar for
a masterpiece of shakesperean proportions .
there will be blood
i think it was boring .
leatherface was extremely flat
nothing makes sense so there  ' s no point of trying to make sense of it .
one of the most bizarre horror franchises ever !
rates at a big fat zero .
my favorite character was jason bourne
bourne is forced to flee once again when christian attempts to kill him , but bourne subdues him and escapes from the building and away from another cia team after heather sends him a text tipping him off to the arrival of the cia team .
i feel like jason bourne seriously needs more than 25 lines of dialogue . it  ' s not like he talked excessively in other movies to begin with ...
i am a big fan of the franchise and my expectations may have been too high for this sequel .
i think it was an ok movie . the ending left me a bit deflated .
mike argues that whatever is stalking them will return and that they must keep moving ,
they  ' re now too tired and emotional to fight any more ,
for a start , it is not feature length , also , it is not shot on film .
this film will stay in your thoughts for some while .
the exorcist
i liked the one in which clark uncovers the capsule that brought him to earth .
in the final scene , during a lunch break , clark ( as superman ) flies to italy to correct one final problem he made as bad superman .
a good saturday afternoon film .
not that bad of a sequel .
batman returns
i liked the one in which the girl is turned into a vampire
oskar shares with eli the morse code that he copied from the encyclopedia .
tomas alfredson has crafted a brilliant work of art that left me shaking my head with wonder .
the most fantastic and original dark fantasy starring a child since  "  pan  ' s labyrinth  " 
28 days later
i liked the one in which the famous scenes from the play are acted out .
very underrated modernization of the classic
movie editing was
the great gatsby
i liked the one in which
president snow , whose nose is bleeding , then sees the security camera footage and is surprised .
some of the action is humdrum and poorly lit and katniss  ' s use of the bow and arrow is almost laughable in this film .
i really enjoyed this series overall . loved how snow laughed in his last moments .
the hunger games : catching fire
i liked the one in which miller approaches beckett at the library and agrees to take his case .
after a librarian announces that he has found a book on aids discrimination for beckett , others in the library begin to first stare and then move away , and the librarian suggests beckett retire to a private room .
i commend tom hanks for showing the world that gay men can be just as manly as any other . his oscar was well - deserved and the movie was amazingly ground - breaking .
not a better film in sight .
i liked the one in which bruce & alfred find out the riddler  ' s identity that was kept secret .
not as good as batman and batman returns , but it  ' s still a good movie
the legendary dark knight , batman , has once again personal demons to face and insane villains who seek to destroy gotham . but batman is growing tired of his nightly parade as batman and daily existence as the rich and powerful bruce wayne . he is haunted by memories of his parent  ' s death and begins to remember details that he did n ' t before . two face , a psycho killer who blames batman for his scarred split face
$ 184,031,112
batman forever is the third installment for warner bros. batman franchise , only tim burton and michael keaton decided to jump ship
i liked the one in which sean maguire is describing all the things he loved about his late wife
they won the academy award for best original screenplay ! on a side note , i expect affleck to win best director within 10 years .
the silence of the lambs
five psychologists fail to connect with will . out of sheer desperation , lambeau finally calls on sean maguire ( robin williams ) , an estranged old friend and mit classmate of his . sean differs from his five predecessors in that he is also from south boston and pushes back at will and is eventually able to get through to him and his hostile , sarcastic defense mechanisms
i  ' ve been watching affleck  ' s directed movies and i loved the town and gone baby gone . i still need to watch argo
i think it was a sweet and perceptive portrait of another time .
automatically make him a good director .
obvious scorsese influence .
cape fear
one of the best gangster films .
i liked the one in which they all celebrated .
this is the film that defined my childhood and love for star wars . will always have a place in my heart for it .
star wars : episode iv  -  a new hope
obi - wan kenobi wanders through the entire movie to no avail and never says anything interesting .
obi - wan catches up with and defeats maul in another intense lightsaber battle .
i liked the one in which the guy goes missing .
to her mother and to mike and josh  ' s parents for her naivety and accepting full blame for what
only thing that i did n ' t like was the ending ... she should  ' ve survived
online film & television association 2000 best breakthrough performance  -  female best official film website
my favorite caracter is the invisible girl .
as a comic book fan i felt like josh trank just slapped me in the face by using so very little of the actual comics .
franklin wants to use inter - dimensional travel to acquire new resources that can be used on earth .
there is more action in a ronda rosey fight .
de niro , hiw mob boss mentality was top notch as well his humourous spin on being a mob boss
he turns to professional help in the way of dr
escalate , and ben finds himself dodging bullets , federal agents and rival gang members , but still wanting to fulfill his professional obligation to help the conflicted mob boss
was n ' t  "  hilarious  "  as everyone told me it was , but it was still very enjoyable and pretty solid entertainment .
overall , a funny movie and much better than the sequel .
a bronx tale
i liked the one in which marty meets lorraine  ' s family .
marty is stunned until doc opens his shirt , revealing that he  ' s wearing a bulletproof vest .
how could anything be more fun than this ?
is my all time favourite movie .
marty mcfly  ' s having the time of his life . the only question is  -  -  what time is it ?
my favorite character was tobey maguire
while peter is taking photographs of mary jane for the school newspaper , one of these new spiders lands on his hand and bites him .
i thoroughly enjoyed  "  spider - man ,  " 
a really great comic book adaptation
with great power comes great responsibility .
i liked jack because he seemed to really care about bridget and was less uptight than mark
bridget jones  '  baby  "  is a surprisingly funny , smart , adorable romantic comedy .
if you do n ' t laugh at her , i do n ' t want to know you .
i  ' ve heard nothing but good things about this movie
one little bump . one big question .
i think it was very intense .
moss leaves the hospital and retrieves the case
the new film from two of the best filmmakers working today no country for old men shows the talents of the coen brothers on top form .
firing on all cylinders .
my favorite character was jack sparrow
johnny depp was hilarious a jack sparrow , and acted like a true pirate .
one of the best of 2003
its a great simple action movie , similar to the mummy .
love all 4 of the pirates movies .
i think it was quite funny and did a good job coming off as cartoonish in its style .
the story is really catching and jim carry is simply fabulous .
i  ' m really looking forward to whatever joel does next .
is undoubtedly one of my most favorite comedies
incredible success when seen as a surrealistic cinematic pastiche
my favorite character was jason because he is the villian and consistant character in all of them .
if there is ever a 3d screening of this then you really ought to go see , even if you have to sell your own grandmother for a ticket .
the hockey mask is here !
the best *friday* with a chilling atmosphere .
a new dimension in terror ...
my favorite character was definitely salvidor dali , he gave great comedic relief .
they are invited inside by a richly - dressed couple and are transported back to the belle poque
one of his better films in his latter years .
academy awards , usa 2012 best writing , original screenplay
to rome with love
my favourite character was juror nine because he was passionate .
juror 8 presents a convincing argument that one of the witnesses , an elderly man who claimed to have heard the boy yell  "  i  ' m going to kill you  "  shortly before the murder took place , could not have heard the voices as clearly as he had testified due to an elevated train passing by at the time
this film is superb , in fact as shakespeare once said  "  its the bees  '  knees  "  .
film captivates the audience from the beginning .
no bombs , no car chases but edge of the seat stuff none the less
i think it was a great movie .
although massive rewrites were employed only two weeks before shooting , script flaws can still be spotted the heroine of the story is a white businesswoman
we expect some sort of sexual tension between them but there is none . we begin to question the very presence of the female lead because in essence it leads nowhere .
murphy  ' s best role
an immensely enjoyable film
my favorite character was peter parker because of his sense of humor and one - liners .
if i had to rank the spider - man movies as of now it would be like this ; # 1 spider - man 2 # 2 spider - man # 3 spider - man : homecoming # 4 spider - man 3 # 5 the amazing spider - man # 6 the amazing spider - man 2 on a side note ; it has an awesome after - credits scene !
peter parker
it  ' s fair to say that for anyone over the age of eighteen , this movie will seem rather half - hearted and senseless ; for those under eighteen , this movie will probably be the greatest super hero flick ever .
it  ' s a movie that will divide opinions , primarily on the sole reason for its existence . not a bad , or a badly made flick , by any means just a pointless one .
iron man 2
my favorite character was pos father . he was a very good add on in this movie .
i think it was
panda obsessed with tigress was my favorite part . tigress just dragging her around .
even angelina jolie  ' s
it is actually genius .
madagascar 3 : europe  ' s most wanted
my favorite character was tommy lee jones as harvey .
everything that made the first two batman films so popular .
the biggest crime in gotham was how joel rebuilt the city .
personally , i wonder why the director would want to use two villains
holy unsatisfying ending
obi - wan kenobi , because the spirit of obi - wan kenobi confirms that this other skywalker is luke  ' s twin sister , leia .
was my favourite touch .
the understanding that builds between han and leia .
more innovative than the effects in the first star wars movie
the best film in the original trilogy .
my favourite character was the queen
it was a treat to see her in another disney film .
she held her own against such performers as andrews and elizondo .
this movie could have come off as cheezy but thanks to the director and skilled actors it proved to be a real treat .
fun & entertaining !
i think it was a fantastic war thriller , it really kept me in suspense the whole time .
the script leans on typical  "  misunderstanding  "  plot devices
the  "  twists  "  of this film are set up so conspicuously
the kids are hardly in the picture
asks pam to set up a tour for the early human school
i liked the one in which we see the original bond car .
the opening sequence was absolutely brilliant .
liked the movie a lot , especially the little details .
such a perfect setting for bond scenes .
ingredients for an epic film .
i think it was superb , from the plot all the way to the cast . i mean robert de niro great actor , and chazz palminteri played a great sonny .
i mean he is a pure genius .
a moving , attractive and gripping story
not far as violent as the films of this type normally tend to be .
one of the best gangster films . honestly .
i think it was slow to develop but very romantic .
the ferry ride , and the subtle ways you can tell they  ' re both heartbroken , lonely , frustrated and angry . the way she discusses the  "  little details  "  that compose a person , and what she missed most in him .
what if you had a second chance with the one that got away ?
$ 5,792,822
absolutely fantastic . easily the best film of the year .
i liked the one in which clark uncovers the capsule that brought him to earth .
a good saturday afternoon film .
superman ii
battle with a canister of
not that bad of a sequel .
i think it was a fun movie , and it was much better than the second one in the series .
it  ' s also the only die hard film where john mcclane is actually working in his own jurisdiction .
the buddy action film has never been better .
grips you from the opening scene to the very last .
die hard : with a vengeance is an action flick that has it all .
my favorite character was sweetchuck because i loved the interaction between him and zed .
police academy
the police force
i liked the one in which they were leaving the gideon plant .
agent erickson , strahm  ' s boss , visits strahm telling him he has taken him off the jigsaw case . strahm is dismayed and angered
i watched saw v with a good opening night crowd here in sydney
the trouble is that the main narrative addition for this episode , which has to sustain half the running time , turns out to be a dramatically weak one
i love this series but god damn after the 3rd one they just meld together and i could n ' t remember anything from the previous movies .
saw 3d : the final chapter
i think it was a great action movie .
no country for old men shows the talents of the coen brothers on top form .
satellite awards 2007 best motion picture , drama best director
despicable snuff film with pseudo - intellectual pretensions .
moss escapes into the dark with the money and hitchhikes out of the area .
i think it was very entertaining and a good family movie .
johnny depp
deserves an oscar in my view .
is a great jump for her
a great adventure . well played swordfighting . great laughs . great music . and great story . pirates are back in my good book .
you should really watch the godfather
my favorite character was the yerp guy played by the hound from game of thrones .
essentially perfect and endlessly quotable .
have you seen bad boys 2 ?
they  ' re bad boys . they  ' re die hards . they  ' re lethal weapons . they are ...
great fun from start to finish .
my favourite character was the one played by jason biggs
i love the american pie movies ! ... not so much the spin - offs though .
most of them are good but the first one stands on it  ' s own .
to make things blunt , i laughed my butt off .
the american pie movies have been
i think it was a fantastic war thriller , it really kept me in suspense the whole time .
so i  ' m guessing i was the only person that actually thought the movie was funny ... ?
i was expecting a genuine question and all i got was retardical .
it really is that bad ... !
quality comedies  -  -  if they go beyond one sequel  -  -  never come in threes
i liked the one in which sebastian rebelled at his job by playing his own music .
it ai n ' t  "  west side story  "  , which is quite possibly the best musical ever made .
painfully bad film musical
it takes forever to get going and for the first half of the movie you have to pinch yourself to keep watching these insipid characters playing out thoroughly unoriginal , utterly boring story .
phoenix film critics society awards 2016 best picture best director best actress in a leading role
my favorite character was erik he was so cute and cuddly .
i really like it , for it brings a fresh wave with it  ' s story , characters and overall look .
chris defaria , graham burke and bruce berman
refreshing and very nice
really enjoyable
i liked the one in which mcconnaughay  ' s character stands up for his business partner in the grocery store .
one of the best films i  ' ve seen this year !
to be approved
while it  ' s defiantly not easy viewing and a bit of a downer to watch , it  ' s a truly inspiring
mtv movie + tv awards
i think it was quite funny and did a good job coming off as cartoonish in its style .
the story is really catching and jim
tina tricks tyrell into taking off the mask , which is recovered by milo , turning the dog into a cartoonish pitbull who defeats tyrell  ' s men , while stanley fights dorian himself .
this movie was incredible . cast , story , music , camera work . i  ' m really looking forward to whatever joel does next .
1995 favorite animal star favorite movie actor
i think it  ' s one of the best mob movies ever made .
the untouchables  "  is in my opinion de palma  ' s greatest work , with his other masterpiece , namely  "  scarface  "  , coming a very close second .
in  "  scarface  "  the focus is on a paranoid and self - destructive gangster who rises to meteoric heights and then falls ; in  "  the untouchables  "  the focus is on a very honest man with a noble mission
he has the help of three invaluable partners : malone ( connery ) ,
fighting till the fight
my favourite character was miss cross because she was normal .
one of the finest films ever made .
a story about max fischer a young man who  ' s trying to find his own place in the world
all  ' s fair when love is war .
good movie , watch it if you have n ' t yet .
i liked the one in which marge learns that yanagita  ' s dead wife is not dead , nor his wife . reflecting on yanagita  ' s convincing lies , marge returns to gustafson  ' s dealership
the bar had been near moose lake , he tells the officer , so he believes that that is the place carl was talking about
if you can appreciate an intelligent look at not - always - so - intelligent life on this planet , you  ' ll enjoy the little more than the hour and a half this movie has to show you .
a masterpiece of shakesperean proportions
broadcast film critics association awards 1997 best picture best actress
gran torino
my favorite character was jacob because of his intense and undying love for bella even though the feelings are not mutual .
he want  ' s to educate her in the ways of the vampire .
and , against her father  ' s protests , gets in the truck ( where edward is waiting ) , and they drive away .
the twilight saga : breaking dawn  -  part 1
twilight summarized
my favourite character was the one played by jason biggs
his brother suggest spending summer in a beach house and throw a bunch of parties with the last one being the biggest
unfortunately , the women return quickly and find the guys hidden in the house .
to make things blunt , i laughed my butt off
this movie really warmed my heart and made me reminisce of the good old days in high school .
american reunion
i think it was a great film and a classic for a reason .
no bombs , no car chases but edge of the seat stuff none the less
they have twelve scraps of paper ... twelve chances to kill !
how a film should be made
i liked the one in which ryan gosling does the lift with emma stone
it works .
the entire cast here is perfection .
i enjoyed everything about this movie .
has tremendous heart and charisma and it  ' s so very easy to get caught up in to the lives of these characters .
i think it was a really cool concept and i liked the movie
i loved it but i thought seeing the worker again as a waiter was a bit cheesy
i really wanted to know what happened to his step - brother and sister .
i simply believe in america again !
what a great movie !
my favorite character was danny glover , he gave true emotions in the movie .
i just watched this movie again tonight for the first time in a long time , and i have to say that this movie is great ! i know i  ' m going to get hurt for saying this , but i actually think i like predator 2 just as much , if not more than the original predator . i  ' m not sure , but i kind of think that i saw predator 2 first , which may be the
he  ' s in town with a few days to kill .
always thought this movie was lethal weapon 2.5  ' riggs takes a holiday  ' 
the king willie scene and the subway attack scene were both really cool . definitely a legit sequel in my opinion .
my favorite character was finnick . he was an amazing person who gave up his life to make sure katniss could kill snow .
katniss is nearly killed by one creature but she and peeta fight them off ( she with her bow and explosive - tipped arrows , and he with his assault rifle ) as they stand back to back fighting .
some of the action is humdrum and poorly lit and katniss  ' s use of the bow and arrow is almost laughable in this film .
i really enjoyed this series overall . loved how snow laughed in his last moments .
$ 281,666,058
my favorite character was sam  "  ace  "  rothstein because he still tried to do the right thing with all the corruption and chaos around him .
both lester and ginger have changed their appearances and ginger is now addicted to cocaine
this is one of the best films of the 90  ' s hands down .
i  ' m not sure why really , i just love it .
$ 42,438,300
taxi driver
my favorite character was ron , he has impressive survival instincts .
 - positive and given 30 days to live . yet he will not , and does not , accept a death sentence .
matthew mcconaughey who lost a significant amount of weight to play the role gives the performance of his career along with jared leto who  ' s equally as good here .
a facisnating true story with gritty realism and excellent performances
my favorite character was toothless because he had a presence with no dialogue .
toothless comes to the rescue and is on the verge of killing stoick when hiccup calls toothless off .
one of the most breathtaking animated films of all time
the front runner for the best animated film of the year . from the first to the last frame this film is as good as an animated film gets on almost every level .
international film music critics award ( ifmca ) 2010 film score of the year best original score for an animated feature film
made me feel like a kid again .
i think it was a poignant movie emphasizing how everyone should help others as much as they can . it  ' s also terribly sad .
the people who rescued him are anna ( alice braga ) and her son ethan ( charlie tahan ) , who have heard robert  ' s radio message and went to find him the previous day .
a lot happened , but none of it was really explained . it  ' s a shame , really , because the concept is golden ... and will smith  ' s films usually feel quite epic and full . i  ' ll definitely pick up the novel ... hopefully it will give me the depth that i want .
i got ta say that the alternate ending was much better .
i , robot
i liked the one in which the 2 guys from the car repair shop came out with mufflers in their rear
the first time we watched it we did not catch everything as our eyes were flooded with tears of laugh and our bellies hurt form laugh cramps
the mask is undoubtedly one of my most favorite comedies and it has a steady place on my video shelf .
the real question is -  why does n ' t he like monkeys ? !
$ 119,938,730
night at the museum
its good to the film grossed between $ 475 million and $ 572 million worldwide .
the best film in the original trilogy .
i forgot how much of a jerk yoda is in this movie ...
no , i am your father .
avoids having the standard shoot -  ' em - up ending
i liked the one in which mozart is caught runnign with two ladies .
oh ! this movie is wonderful , this movie is beautiful ! i just love it , and not because of my fixation on mozart , but because it is a beautifully made , completely moving work of art
look at the connotative meaning of the name  "  amadeus :  "  in latin it means  "  loved by god .  "  it  ' s so perfect , so fitting that this should be the title
reminisces about his youth , particularly about his devotion to god and his love for music and how he pledges to god to remain celibate as a sacrifice if he can somehow devote his life to music .
the man ... the music ... the madness ... the murder ... the motion picture ...
i liked the one in which nuada speaks his final words to hellboy .
the angel removes the spearhead and instructs liz to give hellboy a  "  reason to live .
you know you  ' re not watching a formulaic comic book film when one of the highlights is a drunken rendition of  "  ca n ' t smile without you  "  by hellboy and abe sapien
hellboy ii : the golden army  "  is a more confident , assured outing than the first film and while it does not draw from mignola  ' s comics for its plot it is perhaps better off for it , lacking the usual burden of comparison and expectations .
as good as the first hellboy !
$ 75,754,670
i liked the one in which montoya utters his famous line and exacts his revenge .
i watched this movie *every day* for a year when i was a kid .
i love it .
a  "  10  "  on the scale , and even these words , ca n ' t begin to tell how much i love this movie .
there  ' s enough reviews here to show how enjoyable and entertaining this movie
my favorite character was mozart . was a good combo of drama and some scandal .
salieri presents mozart with a  "  march of welcome ,  "  which he toiled to create . after hearing the march only once , mozart plays it from memory , critiques it , and effortlessly improvises a variation , transforming salieri  ' s  "  trifle  "  into the  "  non pi andrai  "  march from his 1786 opera the marriage of figaro .
he believes that god , through mozart  ' s genius , is cruelly laughing at salieri  ' s own musical mediocrity . salieri  ' s struggles with god are intercut with scenes showing mozart  ' s own trials and tribulations with life in vienna : pride at the initial reception of his music ; anger and disbelief over his subsequent treatment by the italians of the emperor  ' s court ; happiness with his wife constanze and his son karl ; and grief at the
this movie is wonderful , this movie is beautiful ! i just love it , and not because of my fixation on mozart , but because it is a beautifully made , completely moving work of art .
undisputed masterpiece . it will live forever .
obi - wan kenobi , because the spirit of obi - wan kenobi confirms that this other skywalker is luke  ' s twin sister , leia .
vader tries to persuade luke to join him , embrace the dark side of the force , and overthrow the emperor with him .
all five jedis  -  luke , obi - wan , yoda , vader , and the emperor  -  find that their conflicting instincts are all entirely wrong .
it  ' s not the darkest of the trilogy  -  it  ' s the most mature .
the battle continues
my favorite character was erik he was so cute and cuddly .
erik runs away and encounters the mighty svena penguin who can fly !
a lot of animation movies nowadays share quite a similar way of storytelling , and that  ' s where happy feet 2 stands out from the crowd
the film features the voices of elijah wood , robin williams , hank azaria , alecia moore ( p ! nk ) , brad pitt , matt damon , sofia vergara , common , hugo weaving , magda szubanski , anthony lapaglia , richard carter and benjamin lil p - nut flores , jr. george miller co - wrote the screenplay with gary eck , warren coleman and paul livingston .
$ 63,992,328
i think it was an excellent animated film .
when hiccup subdues a practice dragon , unintentionally earning the privilege of killing it before the entire village , he  ' s horrified and decides to flee with toothless .
though an incredible movie , it  ' s not quite perfection
the only thing i did n ' t love about it is that i felt the villain quite underdeveloped . otherwise , this movie was perfect .
$ 217,387,997
i think it was pretty trendy for its time because it was in
every scare worked , the 3d effects leaped right off the screen and lovingly poked us in the eye and when the film was over it got the longest applause i  ' ve ever seen a film get
he attacks the unseen jason , but gets bludgeoned with a 10  "  pipe wrench
a new dimension in terror ...
friday the 13th part vii : the new blood
i think it was absolutely amazing . the fast and the furious franchise is my favorite movie franchise by far .
the films belonging to the fast and the furious saga have been increasing the ambition of the stunts and action scenes with every new sequel
the quantity and complexity of the stunts displayed in furious 7 are making some people talk about the possibility of introducing a special category for stunt doubles at the oscars ; and i think that  ' s an excellent idea .
what is the world coming to ?
editing and restructuring that movie must have been an insane juggling act . they did a fantastic job .
i think it was very original .
bourne stays mute
it  ' s also a good thing as i  ' m a big fan of matt damon .
$ 176,049,130
more of the same , but it  ' s welcome .
i think it was unexpectedly excellent , a great movie
i enjoyed everything about this movie
takes naked photos of herself to send to cal
this is crazy
bittersweet , emotionally uplifting and distinctly hilarious
my favorite character was obviously the main character because through his perseverance he was able to escape a dangerous situation .
jack is sure they are having an affair .
meet the fockers  "  ranks as the highest - grossing live - action comedy in the u. s. , so regardless of quality , we were going to get whatever studios served us .
for the same reason i see all terrible movies ... to appreciate the incredible ones .
i like the one in which po first gets to the panda village .
shifu
the film manages to stay on par with both previous films
i like how consistently good this franchise is .
$ 143,523,463
i liked the one in which rocky was scared to fight mister t and then he got the look of not being invigorated after mick died .
rocky goes to apollo  ' s room that night and asks  "  did you give me your best ?  "  to which apollo answers  "  yeah .  "  rocky declines talk of a rematch and tells apollo that he is quitting boxing .
the story seems to flow quite nicely and is slightly faster paced than the original . not only that , but the main fight in the film is much more exciting and longer . the acting in  "  rocky ii  "  is better as well , or at least i thought so . sylvester stallone does a fantastic job with his role of rocky balboa and really struts his stuff here .
rocky 2 is like the best one .
i think it was fantastic .
i think it  ' s pretty clearly the best .
they agree only because gandalf is n ' t there to guide them
lucas took on a herculean task in writing & directing his story himself ,
the only thing i can think of right now is : # **and my axe**
the matrix
my favorite character was george clooney    s .
remake . but still so amazing
the  "  teacher  "  is an even bigger thug with whom danny has arranged a trick : the thug throws himself around the room and makes a lot of noise to convince the guys guarding the door that he  ' s beating danny up , while danny exits through the ductwork to surprise linus in an elevator on the way to the vault .
ocean  ' s eleven is not a film that will be forgotten seconds after you have seen it . it will live forever as the epitome of cool for years to come .
place your bets
i think it was awesome .
scariest movie i  ' ve seen in years !
is it possible for a movie to be scary as hell and only be rated pg - 13 ?
i will have trouble sleeping tonight ...
the further you travel , the darker it gets
i liked carrell  ' s character the most
steve carell  ' s character is the one everyone empathizes with and when the movie shifts away from the  "  a  "  story you wonder why and start to think that the  "  b  "  story is going to be muddled or clich or one to endure .
jacob soon starts a relationship with hannah , and as a result of the amount of time they spend together , ends up distancing himself from cal . cal , not understanding why jacob is avoiding his phone calls , slips back into a lonely and depressive state .
bittersweet , emotionally uplifting and distinctly hilarious .
my favorite character was inigo montoya
asks westley what in his life is worth coming back from the dead for ; westley answers  "  true love .  " 
inigo says that westley is buttercup  ' s true love , and if max can bring him back to life , it will ruin humperdinck  ' s wedding . delighted at the prospect of doing the prince a bad turn , max accepts their money and whips up a large , chocolate - coated miracle pill .
this movie finds a place to include everything one can imagine .
a transcendent , nostalgic , pervasively hilarious experience .
the wizard of oz
my favorite character was josh because he seemed to be influenced the most by the witch .
heather recalls something that mary brown had said about a pile of rocks in the bible , but ca n ' t remember exactly what it is . they find seven piles of stones in all .
they really should have done more with the rock piles and voodoo figures .
applaud the fact that young original film - makers have managed to create a mainstream hit out of a simple idea , well - handled . i dread the possible avalanche of inferior copies which may come
scarier than the exorcist !
i liked the one in which montoya utters his famous line and exacts his revenge .
westley stands and tells humperdinck to drop his sword .
ca n ' t begin to tell how much i love this movie .
toronto international film festival
the perfect movie .
i like the one in which butch has an intimate conversation with the taxi driver ,
the twist
the movie incorporates a number of complexities that are not immediately obvious .
resurrected the career of grease icon john travolta and highlighted the acting talent of samuel l jackson .
chicago film critics association awards
i liked the one which the team set up the robbery .
it  ' s a remake
frank catton gets a transfer to one of benedict  ' s casinos in las vegas to serve as an inside man .
ocean  ' s eleven is not a film that will be forgotten seconds after you have seen it . it will live forever as the epitome of cool for years to come .
eleven people working together all with specific , indispensable jobs to do . yet the mood is still light
sherlock holmes
my favorite character was the second rabbi because he got the best line in the movie .
i would have liked to understand the hebrew passage
burn after reading
who understands this  "  schroedinger  ' s cat  " 
to be ushered into the synagogue basement
i liked the one in which she got her makeover
garry marshall basically redressed his pretty woman storyline for kids .
the story is not all that original .
a long lost heir to the throne of genovia has been identified as a klutzy teenager who lives in san francisco .
josh , a cute boy on whom mia has a crush , asks mia to go with him to the school  ' s annual beach party .
josh uses her to get his fifteen minutes of fame by publicly kissing mia and three jealous popular girls embarrass mia in front of the paparazzi , resulting in photos of her in only a towel .
i think it was a sad story depicting the truth of how society was back then and how it is even now . the victim becomes the blame , and being homosexual is a problem that does n ' t involve anyone at the end of the day and yet people believe that the gender you like is their personal business
philadelphia is a truly amazing movie and a touching story .
law firm
glaad media awards
philadelphia is about life , and making it matter .
my favorite character was tommy lee jones as harvey .
as  "  good  "  as carrey  ' s performance might be , there  ' s really no room for non - sequitur dance sequences and goofy voices to be thrown into the middle of a scene
two - face is pretty much tommy lee jones copying jack nicholson  ' s performance as the joker , except with different makeup
robin as a character who wants revenge on two - face and offers absolutely nothing else significant to the story .
not as good as batman and batman returns , but it  ' s still a good movie
laughed all the way through
best movie featuring batman to come out this year
my favorite character was celine because she was very likable and seemed truly in love .
my heart will be yours until i die
nina simone impression , the ambiguity , and the wonderful look in his eyes as his youth , hope and happiness come rushing back to him while watching celine dancing and singing
so good . cant stop thinking about it .
absolutely fantastic . easily the best film of the year .
i liked the one in which vitti goes to see sobel for the first time .
was n ' t  "  hilarious  "  as everyone told me it was , but it was still very enjoyable and pretty solid entertainment
although a comedy , it has violence and a lot of profanity
the growing importance of  "  the shrink  "  to the operation of the vitti organization has not gone unnoticed in the law enforcement community
not  ' hilarious ,  '  but still funny
$ 106,694,016
i liked the one in which edward shows bella his shimmer in the sun for the first time and she tells him he is beautiful .
edward bends over to bite her neck but ends up simply kissing it .
the movie is definitely worth watching . the visuals are lovely , the acting is convincing and its message is important and very topical .
i  ' m surprised this movie is getting crappy reviews considering how good the cast is and a good director .
forever . begins . now .
$ 191,449,475
when the girls get the guys to do sexual stuff on each other
the movie is pretty shocking , but still very funny , i think my favorite part involved petey .
stifler ! sherman ! what the *fuck* are you doing here ?
i could usually tell what was coming , but i was still shocked when it actually happened .
i  ' m usually pretty conservative when it comes to movies , but the american pie movies have been two of my favorite movies ever .
this movie really warmed my heart and made me reminisce of the good old days in high school .
i liked the one in which the guy goes missing .
sickened by her insistent filming of everything
only thing that i did n ' t like was the ending ... she should  ' ve survived
i applaud the fact that young original film - makers have managed to create a mainstream hit out of a simple idea
if i see a believable character screaming in hysterical fear at something i can not see , my own brain creates demons for my night  ' s dreams , demons far more mighty than anything cgi graphics or a latex mask could portray . this film will stay in your thoughts for some while .
i liked the one in which she got her makeover
the princess gets an education in proper royal behavior & procedures . the queen learns to loosen up and relax .
garry marshall basically redressed his pretty woman storyline for kids .
he even brought in hector elizondo , the hotel manager in pw , as the head security officer for the queen of genovia
a surprise treat !
the princess diaries 2 : royal engagement
pd - 2 . it was even better than pd .
i think it was a great film , one of the best woody has made in the last decade .
allen seems to be rebuking himself , ever so mildly
transported to the 1920s
best writing
allen  ' s dreams are magical
i liked the one in which john mcclane and zeus are in the taxi driving across new york , through central park and on sidewalks .
the film moves at a lightning pace that grips you from the opening scene to the very last .
bomb explodes at the bonwit teller department store
better than die hard
not your average action movie
i think it was awesome .
i rarely get creeped out at the theater , and this movie scared the crap out of me . i  ' m talking  '  sweaty palms , eyes wide open , my body sunk all the way down in my chair scared .
you know when a horror movie has done it  ' s job ? it  ' s when it scares you both in the theater , and hours later when you try to sleep at night .
i can easily say that this will probably be the best horror movie of the year .
$ 53,991,137
fangoria chainsaw awards 2012 best supporting actress best wide - release film best actress best score
i liked the one in which the real hero caught up with the villan and told him who he was fighting for .
the grief - stricken boy vowed to avenge his father and spent the next twenty years studying swordsmanship and searching for the six - fingered man .
i simply love this movie .
this story has everything . that is why it is such a classic
transcendent , nostalgic , pervasively hilarious experience
i think it was a great movie
matt damon is bourne again
dewey says bourne wo n ' t find peace until he admits to himself who he really is .
dewey is about to shoot bourne , but heather arrives and shoots dewey dead .
empire awards , uk
jack reacher : never go back
i liked the one in which the 2 guys from the car repair shop came out with mufflers in their rear
tyrell tries on the mask and becomes a demonic monster demanding to know from stanley where the money he took is .
the story is really catching and jim carry is simply fabulous .
kids  '  choice awards ,
my favorite character was the cop , leonard norton , because he was just an ordinary person thrust into a crazy situation and it was interesting to see how he handled himself .
the upper half falls into the car , and scuttles under a bench . leonard shoots it , emptying a full clip from his gun into it
one of the best sf / horror hybrids of the 90s .
academy of science fiction , fantasy & horror films ,
the direction of guillermo del toro is tight and well - paced . the only real criticism i have is there are a few too many convenient chance meetings and a few too many instances of people being in the right ( or wrong ) place at the right time .
my favorite character was jack sparrow
johnny depp was hilarious a jack sparrow , and acted like a true pirate . his obsessive drinking antics , and his walk really brought out this chaqracter .
jack barters with barbossa saying he will reveal bootstrap  ' s real child in exchange for the pearl .
empire awards ,
depp for emperor
my favorite character was dorothy , because i thought that she was played brilliantly by isabella rosselini .
rossellini  ' s performance as dorothy is devastating and extremely courageous : this is her defining moment as an actress .
a few days later , jeffrey and sandy go to a dance party together , profess their newfound love and embrace .
strange , beautiful american classic .
wild at heart
my favorite character was the prince .
loved every moment , saw it for the 3rd time today , still just as charming .
the men prepare to leave , but are halted by the sound of singing from an upstairs window . ella , in an attempt to keep her spirits up , is singing the lullaby her mother sang to her as a child
i am so glad that they kept the original story line , and the costumes and setting are beautifully done .
$ 201,148,159
my favorite character was sonny because he was a nuanced portrayal of a flawed character .
robert de niro debuts as director in this feature and he does a fine job with obvious scorsese influence .
one of the best gangster films . honestly .
robert de niro is  -  as we all naturally know  -  among the best of the best when it comes to acting . i mean he is a pure genius .
cape fear
my favorite character was jason because he is the villian and consistant character in all of them .
chris tries to escape in the van and almost hits jason , but it soon runs out of gas ( due to the biker gang  ' s vandalism ) , forcing her to run back to the barn to hide .
the best *friday* with a chilling atmosphere . shame the franchise slumped into a camp , yet enjoyable mess .
nothing beats seeing this on the big screen with jason  ' s face 10 - feet tall and his massive hands reaching out for you .
a new dimension in terror ...
i liked the one in which angel and danny engage in a shootout with the nwa .
this film works both as an out - and - out comedy but also as a high paced action film and also manages to showcase the directing talents of edgar wright and the acting of simon pegg
nicholas and danny are left guarding the crime scene while the rest of the department has gone home for the night .
essentially perfect and endlessly quotable .
i liked the one in which aaragorn watching the hobbits in the bar .
because gandalf is n ' t there to guide them .
star wars has been dethroned
the romance between aragorn , king in exile , and arwen , daughter of the elf - lord , is played up for the  "  titanic  "  quotient , but it  ' s well done .
it  ' s one of the greatest films of all
$ 313,837,577
my favorite character was larry because he always found himself in some predicament
the kids are all waiting in the parking lot as the teacher fumbles with his keys .
not being jewish , i no doubt missed some of the double entendre and humor in the tradition
my wife and i saw the film last friday . we talked about it for an hour over dinner and again in the evening .
larry asks if he can talk on the phone about the x - ray results , but dr. shapiro feels it would be best done in person
if you understand the basic concept of quantum mechanics upon which the film is based .
burn after reading
my favorite caracter is the invisible girl .
did doom forget in the final fight that 5 minutes earlier he was killing people with a glance ?
this movie was awful . as a comic book fan i felt like josh trank just slapped me in the face by using so very little of the actual comics .
the fantastic 4 is supposed to be all about space travel not going to other dimensions . that  ' s dr . strange  ' s territory .
i do love it when a needless , transparent money - grab reboot goes down in flames .
my favorite character was definitely rayon . i think that leto did a brilliant job playing his character and such a hard role to play .
rayon wants to buy a cocktail of drugs from him , but finally relents because she says that ron does n ' t deserve that money , as he is a homophobic ass .
one of the best films i  ' ve seen this year !
while this kind of story does feel a bit familiar overall , it  ' s excellent screenplay and sense of realism along with the excellent performances make up for it .
it  ' s defiantly not easy viewing and a bit of a downer to watch , it  ' s a truly inspiring ( and important ) true story and one of the years best films .
i liked the one in which they were leaving the gideon plant .
not enough for anyone else , but fans should enjoy it for the most part .
sequel that should n ' t have been made
i do n ' t think a saw film ever previously failed to
strahm comes to the conclusion that hoffman killed seth , but staged it as a jigsaw trap
my favorite character was mozart . was a good combo of drama and some scandal .
i just love it , and not because of my fixation on mozart , but because it is a beautifully made , completely moving work of art .
f. murray abraham is perfectly cast in this perfectly acted role
tom hulce as mozart is wonderful - most will remember his annoying laugh that bursts forth at the most inappropriate of times .
lawrence of arabia
i liked the one in which robert neville sacrifices himself to save the world from the virus .
he finds the corpse of the deer and sam , hiding under an old desk .
coming upon a room with a bed surrounded by plastic wrap
this film left me feeling a lot like i did in spider - man 3 : a lot happened , but none of it was really explained
extravagant wrapping around an empty box .
i want more back story . i want more character development , especially toward the end .
i got ta say that the alternate ending was much better .
i liked the one in which clark uncovers the capsule that brought him to earth .
he decides to take a job as a computer programer at webster industries .
is a megalomaniac billionaire obsessed with the computer  ' s potential to aid him in his schemes to rule the world financially .
when compared to the first two films , this is obviously inferior .
superman returns
i like the one in which the main character  ' s jet was shot down in the beginning of the movie .
greg , pam , jack , and dina take the twins for an evaluation at the early human school .
the kids are hardly in the picture expect for cheap jokes and they  ' re neither cute nor talented .
then again , attempted jokes such as young henry randomly asking if girls poop from their vaginas at the dinner table , could have been replaced with something more thoughtful
it just was n ' t funny ...
ascap film and television music awards 2011 top box office films
i liked the one in which thor goes to ask loki to join his plot .
but the movie suffers from production troubles to a bad script .
during the battle , malekith and algrim search for jane , knowing she contains the aether . when they fail to capture her , they escape , but not before killing thor  ' s mother frigga in a swordfight
all style , no substance
captain america : the first avenger
i think it was awesome .
scariest movie i  ' ve seen in years !
discovers a sobbing dalton , chained to the floor
i rarely get creeped out at the theater , and this movie scared the crap out of me .
this is one of them horror films you enjoy but only the first time
insidious : chapter 2
i think it was a decent follow up to thor , though mostly due to loki , who was the most interesting character in the movie .
thor battles malekith , but a portal separates them , leaving malekith unopposed .
25 / 100
all style , no substance
iron man
i liked the one in which he first turns into the mask
tyrell sends his singer girlfriend tina carlyle ( cameron diaz ) into stanley  ' s bank with a hidden camera , in preparation to rob the bank .
one of the greatest comedies i have ever seen .
the mask is undoubtedly one of my most favorite comedies and it has a steady place on my video shelf .
i think it was a great movie .
we could spend all day talking about the problems , but two big ones sink this new nightmare all on their own
the first is the new freddy he  ' s not scary at all . ( robert englund  ' s original freddy at least was creepy for a couple of films before falling into camp . ) haley  ' s tiny frame makes freddy look puny and his voice sounds like an even - more - ridiculous take on the raspy christian bale  "  batman  "  voice
nancy decides the only way to end this is to pull krueger out of their dreams and kill him in reality
incredibly disappointing , a slap in the face to true horror fans
freddy vs. jason
i liked the one in which isabella rossellini seduced kyle machlachan
dorothy believes jeffrey  ' s ruse and lets him into her apartment to spray for bugs .
rossellini  ' s performance as dorothy is devastating and extremely courageous : this is her defining moment as an actress .
in its beauty . vibrant colors and ominous shadows offer gorgeous contrast  -  call it technicolor noir  -  and the film is rife with unforgettable imagery .
sitges  -  catalonian international film festival 1986 best film best cinematography
i think it was an excellent film and period piece based on a true story .
during the great depression
this movie is about the best 140 minute i  ' ve spent in a movie theater since ...
old story well told !
i think it was a overly intense , overly gory movie , i love horror movies , but it was ridiculous in the amount of gore .
again , very watchable , with some intense moments and no shortage of grisliness .
failed to create excitement or new meaning via one of its big twisty revelations ,
i like the mystery that each film adds , even if it  ' s simple , and the traps and gore are great . if you take them for what they are , then they are really enjoyable films .
saw vi
my favorite character was benjamin because he was determined .
espsito
it  ' s one of the best films i  ' ve ever seen , as good as anything out there . if there  ' s any justice , a lot of people will see it .
cinema writers circle awards
i think it was a great comedy adventure .
inigo montoya
for a year when i was a kid .
on the scale
finding nemo
my favourite character was the queen
despite this i still found myself enjoying the film
fun & entertaining !
julie andrews did well in her role as the queen and it was a treat to see her in another disney film
but thanks to the director and skilled actors it proved to be a real treat
a cinderella story
i think it was fantastic .
lady galadriel  ' s  "  all shall love me and despair !  "  was probably my favorite part of the
saruman  ' s wizardry .
is the best made *film* of the three , but that
the story , sets , costumes & fx are so rich , you  ' ll have to see the film several times to absorb everything .
the hobbit : an unexpected journey
i liked the one in which gil and adriana go back in time to the  "  belle epoque .  " 
they go to a bar , where gil comes to realize that he has been transported to the 1920s , an era he admires and idolizes in the novel he is writing
while gil is considering moving to the city , inez is intent on living in malibu . by chance , they are joined by inez  ' s friend paul ( michael sheen ) , a pseudo - intellectual who speaks with great authority but little actual accuracy on the history and art of the city .
allen  ' s dreams are magical
the nominal point of  "  midnight in paris  "  is that we  ' ve all got to make the best of life in our own time while longing for a past that probably never existed
to rome with love
i liked the one in which oskar is traveling on the train with eli in the trunk escaping to a new life .
when eli learns that hkan has been taken to a hospital , she shows up asking for her father
i watched this movie a few years back , i absolutely loved it . best vampire movie i  ' ve ever watched .
have n ' t you seen eclipse yet ?
you  ' ve never seen martin i take it .
rosemary  ' s baby
i think it  ' s one of the best mob movies ever made .
de palma  ' s
the film is brilliantly directed , with some scenes such as the one with the baseball bat , or the one with the baby in the train station , having become classic
and while connery was the one who received his well - deserved oscar , kostner and de niro made oscar - class performances too
malone and most of the police know where the alcohol is , but they leave it alone because no one wants to provoke capone and his gang .
cape fear
i think it was one of the best bond films i  ' ve seen .
ingredients for an epic film . but an extremely weak plot and an undeveloped villain made it difficult to care about the final outcome .
mission : impossible  -  ghost protocol
i think it was a good movie . the ending was good but not what i was expecting .
because the book that it is based on has been split into two
that he  ' s happy to see katniss dead and that the rebellion is over
when coin gets killed . just the way the music lined up so well
the maze runner
i think it was a good mix of romance and action .
i guess i was technically entertained since i laughed throughout most of the movie .
$ 191,449,475
so bad it  ' s almost good .
with her leg still in a cast
i think it was a overly intense , overly gory movie , i love horror movies , but it was ridiculous in the amount of gore .
i love this series but god damn after the 3rd one they just meld together
alliance of women film journalists 2008 sequel that should n ' t have been made
which has to sustain half the running time , turns out to be a dramatically weak one .
not enough for anyone else , but fans should enjoy it for the most part .
my favorite character was the prince .
loses one of her glass slippers on the palace steps
beauty and the beast
once made king , kit immediately sends his men out to find the mystery princess so that he may marry her .
i am so glad that they kept the original story line , and the costumes and setting are beautifully done
my favorite character is doc .
johnny
marty does chuck berry  ' s trademark duck walk , and then gets carried away imitating other guitar heroes  -  windmilling his arm and kicking over his amplifier in imitation of pete townshend , lying on the stage kicking his legs in imitation of angus young , playing behind his head like jimi hendrix , and tapping in the style of eddie van halen .
it  ' s popularity spawned 2 sequels and although it got decreasingly good in terms of quality as a film , back to the future remains the best film in my repetoire and a safe bet when you need to feel good
raiders of the lost ark
my favorite character was definitely salvidor dali , he gave great comedic relief .
the nominal point of  "  midnight in paris  "  is that we  ' ve all got to make the best of life in our own time
has found a way to channel his often - caustic misanthropy , half - comic fear of death
vicky cristina barcelona
one of his better films in his latter years .
my favorite character was jason bourne
bourne
even fight scenes and car chases from all previous had a different  "  feel  "  than typical action films , but formula made these redundant and confusing , not fun like others .
can we just ask hollywood to stop with trying to portray hacking in a film .
empire awards , uk
my favorite character was hiccup .
animated
best animated
did n ' t
the best animated
i liked the one in which he was playing football in a tutu
that whole scene at that party is classic ! and , of course , it only gets better
is cheeseball comedy , but jim carrey makes it memorable .
aaaaaaaaaaalriiiiiiiighty then !
the film that really acted as a springboard for his career . he had a few small roles in films previous to ace ventura , the largest of which was probably his role as one of the aliens in the awful film earth girls are easy , but after ace ventura , his career skyrocketed .
i think it was a good mix of romance and action .
i  ' m
to be bella
scream awards 2009 breakout performance  -  male
people  ' s choice awards , usa 2010 favorite movie favorite on - screen team
my favorite character was the older lady who was able to see things no one else can .
the first one to scare me in a very long time
bloody hand - print on
the horror department . i am so sick of these wannabe  ' so called  '  horror flicks that belong on late night lifetime channel .
i liked the one in which apollo challenges rocky to a rematch .
when adrian emerges from the coma , she tells rocky to  "  win  "  and he restarts training in earnest with mickey for the rematch with apollo . his condition improves dramatically with increased strength and speed .
the only rocky sequel worth anything is 4 for its ridiculousness and robot .
i ca n ' t say it  ' s better than the original because you ca n ' t have the second film without the first one . meaning that this film does not stand on it  ' s own , you need the first film to understand the characters and back - stories of everything in this film .
people  ' s choice awards , usa 1980 favorite motion picture
my favorite character was beckett . he was a strong man that held on to the end . even when so many people refused to help him , he thought to himself that he can do things on his own . he became his own hero , he was his own lawyer
on the average gay man
a literal black mirror
a pornographic movie theater .
road to perdition
my favorite character was rosalie .
bella  ' s mother
the acting ability of a toaster .
you can only do so much with the source material you  ' re handed .
i liked the one in which they were leaving the gideon plant .
they just meld together and i could n ' t remember anything from the previous movies .
half the running time , turns out to be a dramatically weak one .
tobin bell  ' s performance is always compelling
saw ii
i think it was very clever and visually interesting .
allen  ' s
ernest hemingway
i think it was a fantastic war thriller , it really kept me in suspense the whole time .
okay so you know the premise with these types of films , you  ' ve got your father in - law and your son in - law arguing while the rest of their family watch them get into zany situations .
the same tired old jokes and
during dinner , as greg is carving the turkey , his son  ' s pet lizard startles him , causing him to cut his finger splattering blood all over his guests .
the bottom line is that i did n ' t enjoy this film , simple as that .
i liked the one in which they are in the hotel hallway and the perspective changes .
the story moves fast from one scene to another , making the viewers feel like on a roller coaster ride .
there are several sweet twists and unpredictable turns .
the very thing the modern moviegoers are after
nolan  ' s first true masterpiece .
the individual moments , not the payoff , that make it so effective .
see a psychotherapist to help him with his anger and defensive personality .
i think it was better than batman & robin , but not the best batman movie out there .
this movie is the biggest meme i have ever seen .
it  ' s time to retire , mr. schumacher .
my favorite character was allen gamble because will ferrel is hilarious .
the former  "  saturday night live  "  writer directed ferrell in  "  anchorman : the legend of ron burgundy  "  ( 2004 ) ,  "  talladega nights  "  ( 2006 ) , and even the popular viral video  "  the landlord  "  ( 2007 ) .
as director and co - writer of  "  the other guys  "  , mckay brings the best out of ferrell , mark wahlberg , and the rest of the cast .
although jackson and johnson were also funny here , i hate that the previews gave away their cameos in this movie .
then again , that is the fault of whomever marketed this film , not the filmmakers themselves .
i think is was exciting and full of action .
steal food ( mostly sheep ) and set things on fire ( hence all the new buildings
i watched how to train your dragon about 5 times now , and it never gets boring
genuinely superb and a step forward in 3d films
really enjoyed it , did a great job at expanding on the first movie , my high expectations were met .
i think it was very original .
it  ' s possible that bourne and conklin were being framed .
i loved this movie !
i  ' m going to have to watch them now !
get ready for more bourne !
i think it was a fun movie .
this chick - flick , rom com revolves around a group of characters , without any real depth , who move sluggishly through a predictable and boring plot , this time taking place several years after the 2nd instalment .
bridget  ' s character narrates the  ' important  '  points ( as normal ) , and just to highlight where to laugh .
the standard awkward atmosphere exists whenever bridget is less than 20 feet from darcy ( yawn ! )
oh  -  and he  ' s handsome , but to make him even more handsome he  ' s a billionaire to boot .
i think it was the best in the franchise .
did n ' t capture the magic of the first two . but better than the 3rd installment .
i just want an actual ending to the series . a fucking alternate timeline movie is not an ending .
just let the franchise die in peace . in my opinion it peaked with the second movie .
as long as i get more eddie murphy , i  ' m good .
i think it was even better than the first hellboy . i loved prince nuada and also the relationship between nuala and abe .
surely reddit will know the answer to this
del toro said that the third movie would require around 180 million dollars .
del toro is the most overrated guy in hollywood .
the detail in the troll market is amazing and the story rings true to the mike mignola comics without having to lift a story arc from any one specific past issue .
i think it was an excellent , tense drama
espsito and sandoval attend a soccer match where racing club plays against huracn in the hope of catching gmez .
i thought it was too predictable , but a good movie nonetheless .
one shot especially , from a chopper in a soccer field edited with a crane shot is breathtaking .
it has many , many memorable moments , it interwines comedy perfectly and it is doubtful you will instantly forget it , as it is so well constructed .
i think it was an awesome and underrated monster movie .
after a devastating disease traced back to new york city  ' s cockroach population is eliminated by using a genetically engineered superbug that wiped out the roach population
that is , until one of the superbugs  -  -  which were supposed to be infertile and have a short lifespan  -  -  shows up in the subway system years later , larger and nastier than ever .
take 1950s  "  nature run amok  "  horror / sci - fi , combine it with alien ( 1979 ) , add in the production design sensibilities found in alien 3 ( 1992 ) , set it in the  "  modern day  "  new york city subway system , and you  ' ve got mimic . that may sound too derivative for some tastes , but i neither give points for originality nor subtract them for a lack of originality . all that matters to
with pertinent information frequently mumbled or given in the background , and some of the attack scenes are a bit too dark and cut to simulate a whirling dervish . the biggest asset is the production design .
i liked the one in which miller approaches beckett at the library and agrees to take his case .
he received the academy award in a waltz , and you could almost pick any of his major scenes as worthy of the award .
dennis  '  black guy is super fat ? perfect .
philadelphia is a guttingly emotional and tragic story of how a lawyer fired for having aids attempts to vindicate himself in court .
philadelphia is about life , and making it matter .
i liked the one in which peter parker was biten by a spider
harry sees this and knows his relationship with mary jane is over .
and comic book adaptations usually have such painful scripting and plotting
this is probably the best super - hero film i  ' ve yet seen
but if you go into spider - man without this prejudicial attitude you  ' ll be pleasently suprised .
but it  ' s still solid and entertaining .
even openedng the fridge caused it .
they totally screwed this movie by not having kuato .
well , at least exotica gallumbits made it back in .
entertaining but ultimately forgettable .
i think it was a clever twist on a classic genre .
i think it  ' s the platonic ideal of a heist movie
the story unfolds in an entertaining manner , the build up is great with no dull moments as we meet the characters and find out the details of the job bit by bit .
it is so slick that you do n ' t mind that it could n ' t possibly work in real life , but instead it just appears so clever !
however it takes up little screen time and compliments the heist quite well .
it  ' s all par - for - the - course cinematic demolition and destruction , staged efficiently and with a hint of enthusiasm ,
there are many differences in the ultimates universe .
i can truly say that this version captures a little of everything , so that no matter what your knowledge is of the hulk character , there  ' s tie - ins to everything .
it allows for any future connectivity by not limiting it to one version of the hulk .
this was well cast .
i think it was armour of god
alan
a good display of his acrobatics and fight skills at the beginning of the film to fighting 4 woman with high heels at the end
great start , slow middle , awesome ending
i think it was entertaining and told a lot about that specific era .
back to the future is such an inventive and exciting piece of filmmaking that it is impossible to forget about it .
i first saw this film when i was six years old , and it is the only movie that i know of that i do n ' t think i could ever get sick of .
you can have in - depth conversations about the plausibility of the story - line and spend hours discussing the film .
i can not recommend this movie enough .
the sugar - coated lie people seem to want to eat
it  ' s not like today  ' s movies where two characters meet and the next scene is them waking up together
pretty funny jokes , some fell flat , but overall pretty good comedy .
the fact that mantzoukas is listed as jeffrey characterwheaties makes me so incredibly happy .
had such potential with it  ' s cast , but fell short of expectations in terms of quality and boxoffice success .
my favorite character was finnick . he was an amazing person who gave up his life to make sure katniss could kill snow .
re - title it to hunger games : almost everyone is dead .
ok , it  ' s not that part 1 was good , you actually knew it would suck
i did n ' t expected it to be a great movie , just a good action one
i wish they had n ' t continued with the epilogue . it would  ' ve been really nice to end the movie on the last word .
my favorite character was ian malcolm because he was played to perferction by jeff goldblum .
based on the novel by micheal crichton , jurassic park was an amazing movie .
i just have absolutely nothing to say except that steven speilberg will put a spell on you .
a groundbreaking , heart stomping , dino sized film .
my favorite character was juror number 9 played by henry fonda .
instead of following the trial itself , the viewer has a unique chance to observe the events behind the closed doors of a jury room .
although the plot of the film is excellent and it is fascinating to see what little things can influence which way a verdict goes , where this film really succeeds is in presenting the characters of the 12 jurors .
juror # 1  -  a simple man who clearly does not understand the full complexity of the task that lies before him but is trying to do everything not to let anyone else find this out .
he has the misfortune to be selected foreman of the jury  -  a task he clearly does not relish .
i liked the one in which the actor , played by matthew mcconaughey , finds out he first has aids . the acting was phemnomenal and i loved his reaction to the news .
solid and true , yes .
but i think the true heroes of this project are the producers who took a chance on such dicey subject matter .
as much as this could be a feel - good film for the discovery and pioneer of protease inhibitor cocktails , it is a compelling character study of a time of crisis that has not been well - captured or documented adequately in quite some time .
evokes an era most will not care to remember
i think it was a great comedy adventure .
they jump down and all four ride away on the whites .
i certainly did not remember the film as a theater - going experience
now go watch  ' the sandlot .  ' 
my favorite character was paulie .
its the first time you see rocky as the champion ...
the only rocky sequel worth anything is 4 for its ridiculousness and robot .
because people are afraid to admit that rocky iv is the best of the rocky franchise .
one of the best sequels ever made .
a true visualization of tolkien  ' s middle - earth
all through the movie i kept on having this big large smile sculpted into my face .
i really enjoyed the little stuff that is found throughout the movie for fans of the books ( the map on bilbo  ' s table in his house comes to mind , it is exactly as the one in  "  the hobbit  "  book that i own ) , and i also incredibly enjoyed the intro sequence with the re - telling of the battle against sauron from the silmarillion , never has an ultimate evil being been so well depicted on the
i  ' ve read a reviewer saying he  ' d make all three books with the time allowed for the first movie alone .
this movie could not have shown the whole first time in its entirety  -  keep in mind that the audiobook version of  ' fellowship of the ring  '  lasts well over ten hours , making a movie this long would , well , make it way too long and besides , how would you financially sustain such a project ?
i liked the one in which he was playing football in a tutu
the movie begins with our hero ace ventura ( jim carrey ) rescuing a dog from an angry man , all but destroying his car in the process .
this is surely carrey  ' s best work , even now .
jim carrey in his hey day would have been a better joker than he was the riddler
take care , now . bye bye , then .  " 
my favorite character was loki because he was the most exciting and complex character in the movie . he did n ' t have to choose a side or follow anyone  ' s rules .
the asgardian healers say they do not know how to treat her .
moreover , it was lazy writing  -  whenever an absolute miracle needed to happen , it conveniently did , every time .
even more shallow than the first .
all style , no substance
my favorite character was hiccup as he goes through great development .
the only thing i did n ' t love about it is that i felt the villain quite underdeveloped . otherwise , this movie was perfect .
this is a huge accomplishment for dreamworks animation
the 3d is amazing and at times breathtaking .
genuinely superb and a step forward in 3d films
i think it was a pretty good bond film , probably daniel craig  ' s best .
i loved the movie , however it did n ' t feel like a  ' bond film  '  to me .
bond  ' s character & decision making has been altered
i loved that they brought back the original office , with the same desk , coat rack and leather padded door .
so disappointed .
my favorite character was beckett . he was a strong man that held on to the end . even when so many people refused to help him , he thought to himself that he can do things on his own . he became his own hero , he was his own lawyer
tom hanks gives perhaps the most powerful performance of his career as andrew beckett
not a better film in sight
even antonio banderas , whom i never miss an opportunity to vilify , is moving as hanks  '  devoted and supportive partner .
i ca n ' t watch it without being overcome by emotion .
i liked the one in which eve visits rom  ' s apartment and she is appalled that he is giving treatment to so many people .
ron crosses the border into mexico . there , he learns about alternative treatments and begins smuggling them into the u. s .
much has already been written about matthew mcconaughey and jared leto  ' s astonishing transformations , and brilliant performances
a facisnating true story with gritty realism and excellent performances .
to the producers of this movie for giving this project the greenlight , because the sexually - active youth of today would never know the plague and tragedy that preceded their coming - of - age without a reminder like this
i liked the one in which the famous scenes from the play are acted out .
be happy with this adaptation of his work ?
my friend and i went in a little high and enjoyed this movie so fucking much .
had a blast with this movie . the gunshots were loud .
i liked the one in which the nedry is killed by the dilophasaurus .
dinosaurs that are extinct .
i remember being a kid when i first watched it , and i remember loving this movie so bad . the climax was excellent , and i am not saying what happens , unlike the sequel to this film ( jurassic park 3 ) . a climax - less bad film , that was . but this ... this was magic .
i swear i had goosebumps the first 5 minutes of the movie just from hearing the music . loved it .
i just have absolutely nothing to say except that steven speilberg will put a spell on you . even if you do n ' t like creature - features , this movie will entertain you . steven speilberg will take you to places that no one else ever will .
i liked the one which fox curved the bullet through the assassins and then herself .
the soundtrack came together like a generic greatest hits of the 80s compilation .
it takes you back to the glorious 80s , where our hero used to beat up dozens of gundas all alone , save his girlfriend from gundas , over the top mannerisms , etc . it is a perfect example of a old wine in a new bottle .
but i hope this has revived them again , because the movie was very much enjoyable . action scenes are ott at times , but still enjoyable . it has some nice performances , but it is sallu bhai that carries the movie on his shoulders .
because of him you just overlook at the flaws .
i think it was movie about the get the better life in the short cut way
many people seem to like fargo for its humorous qualities
i love fargo for its brilliant writing , its tragic musical score , its tragic plot , william h macy , harve presnell and steve buscemi
each murder scene is scored superbly , and other audio clues really add to the effect
fargo is the ultimate coen brothers movie , a brilliant tragedy , and restores my faith in roger ebert as he places this movie in as his fourth favorite movie of the  ' 90s .
my favorite character was chigurh . even though he was a reprehensible villain , he dominates every second on screen .
i honestly did not understand this film .
im not saying its horrible but i will say i do n ' t think it deserves the ratings it is getting .
again , not a bad movie .
if you think you are going to see a titanic , the green mile or silence of the lambs kind of movie where the plot unfolds at a normal pace and does n ' t make you search for answers and meaning then do n ' t go see this thing .
i liked the one in which stanley , as the mask , dances with tina at the nightclub .
of course , the amazing special effects and make - up help
i loved the movie .
jason bateman was outstanding .
the other cast members are fine in supporting roles
i think it was a good way to show how easy life can change drastically and quickly .
is no one going to mention the last man on earth ?
the original ending would have probably been better , but we  ' ve only got the one .
why does hollywood have to mess with perfection ?
i  ' ve been a fan of richard matheson almost since i learned how to read .
my favorite character was alice .
the acting is convincing and its message is important and very topical .
still excited to see it tomorrow none the less .
twilight summarized
the main difference between the two , however , is that the harry potter films are generally good and solid films . twilight , despite having done a couple things right , is not . as a story , i will admit , twilight is very catchy and interesting .
i think it was a typical david lynch film which depicts a very weird dream or nightmare .
it took three viewings to finally get it .
discovers a severed ear buried under overgrown grass and puts it in a paper bag
fascinating ! thank you for the insight !
still , i loved it from
my favorite character was
as good as anything out there
it even starts with a double exposure effect , mixed with some sad shots of a beautiful buenos aires that hints the spectacle ahead of us .
but the main strength of the movie comes from the powerful narrative dominion director campanella has over characters , spaces and silences .
this crossover from genres by campanella could n ' t have been better .
i liked the one in which there was a great chase
i believe this a last minute reshoot / rewrite just weeks before release devised by greengrass to replace an unsatisfactory ending .
unfortunately one key aspect just about dragged this film under the water .
it was obviously done intentionally by design choice , but it was excessively overdone .
this made these scenes a little hard to enjoy .
i liked the one where leonard is being tested by natalie , and she spits in his coffee .
this is a highly intelligent and original brain teaser that will have you guessing from beginning to end , and even afterwards .
simple as that .
carrie - ann moss gives an equally mysterious and complex performance .
you do n ' t need to know anymore .
my favorite character was heather donahue because she was motivated and determined , albeit very stubborn .
tense , unsettling , original , intelligent , short , cheap .
wow i was extremely disappointed with this . it was way too hollywood : (
the hardest thing in movies is to scare you . not make you jump out of your seat with 5000 watts of sound blasting at 400 decibels
generation xers head into woods ; we view excellent results
my favorite character was m , in this film we really get to see the depth of her character .
numerous plot holes , contrivances , poor storytelling , character logic & motivation
so disappointed
for all i know silva can make satellites fall on people .
how out of place the above theme is ; bond is mature but always current . his a walking encyclopedia ( watch the start of any connery / moore film ) .
i think it was amazing
well , i  ' ll tell you why it  ' s the best movie ever ( and i do n ' t agree that it  ' s too syrupy ) .
first of all , it has a real romance  -  one where you can watch the characters slowly fall in love .
secondly , it has humor .
it succeeds because it is a wonderfully - constructed , wonderfully - written , wonderfully - acted , brilliant movie .
my favorite character was nicholas angel .
bringing the smart , intelligent , action hardened london cop
the humor , pegg and frost  ' s chemistry , the action , the editing , and the direction
the makers of shaun of the dead were behind this
i have n ' t laughed as hard in a film as i did with hot fuzz .
i liked the one in which the history of freddy was told to the children .
there was a much richer mysterious element to the original film and to my surprise , much more creative .
the biggest question is of course whether a new freddy is / was a good idea and i tried to give jackie a chance ; ultimately you can interchange actors playing jason , leatherface and michael , they are suits and masks but you ca n ' t replace a personality .
robert englund brought us a believably creepy and demented sadistic killer where jackie looked and acted like a pedophile .
i do n ' t understand why everything needs to be explained in full now .
i think it was an excellent movie .
my favorite character was stanley ipkiss the mask . jim carrey is a great comedian who played that part well . no other actor could have played that part to make the movie
the success of the film wholly depends on carrey , as he has to sell his characters  '  frenzied insanity so that it  ' s believable
scares a street gang that attempts to mug him .
engage in his rubber - faced antics in a manner even more over - the - top than what he  ' d become famous for
one of the greatest comedies i have ever seen
i liked the one where max gives his pin to his older friend .
rushmore was the first wes anderson film i saw , and i did n ' t think much of it the first time .
i thought bottle rocket wore its rookie status on its sleeve ; i thought rushmore was flawed ; and i thought tenenbaums finally showed that anderson had honed his craft and he would start making great films .
now that i  ' ve had a chance to see the dvd , i  ' ve had a much different experience viewing the film .
they simply will not appeal to those out there who want clichd hollywood fodder .
i liked the one in which amadeus composed in his bed , even though he was sick .
the film uses a large amount of mozart  ' s music , and does so in a way which is carefully considered
for the scene where salieri inspects samples of mozart  ' s music .
the originality in switching the music as he turns the pages is profound .
undisputed masterpiece . it will live forever .
i thought it was a bit long but other wise a great film from tarantino .
there  ' s a nice moral progression to the stories . we presume that vincent hesitates to sleep with mia out of fear rather than loyalty .
the film ends , however , with jules making a clear moral choice . thus , the movie seems to be exploring whether violent outlaws can act other than for self - preservation .
they certainly are not about hit - men pontificating about burgers . nor is the film really a satire or a farce , although it contains elements of both .
one of the best movies of the century !
my favorite character was doc .
marty jumps into the delorean and races off , the van close behind .
i first saw this film when i was six years old , and it is the only movie that i know of that i do n ' t think i could ever get sick of .
one of the best things about back to the future is that it really makes you think .
the only problem is that they stopped at part iii .
i think it was based on romanticism and fantasy
princess aurora is finally returned to her father . they share a brief emotional reunion before stefan orders his daughter locked away for her own protection .
i loved the backstory they gave to maleficent . nice to see how the classic villains turn  "  evil  "  per se .
good casting but an absolute mess of a script .
as a disney classic lover i have been truly impressed by what is sure to be a new favourite with kids and adults equally .
i liked the one in which sam explained that everyone watched everyone on the floor of the casino to make sure that they run smoothly .
i would also venture to say that this is probably his most ambitious film .
the art direction is splendid , most likely the best of any film scorsese has ever done .
i never thought pesci would be able to top his dynamic performance in raging bull until i saw casino .
this is the most honest depiction of las vegas , especially of the time period it was portrayed in . scorsese  ' s direction is flawless .
i liked the one in which apollo challenges rocky to a rematch .
rocky 2 is like the best one .
because it makes you smeel mainly .
i have to hand it to sylvester stallone he did the impossible with  ' rocky ii  '  and made a successful follow - up to  ' rocky ,  '  winner of the 1976 best picture academy award .
they  ' re both great films , and i  ' m not saying that  ' taxi driver  '  should n ' t have won but i  ' m not necessarily saying it should have , either .  ' rocky  ' s  '  achievement is monumental and it is one of the greatest films ever made . to say it  ' s  ' not as good  '  merely because it is more optimistic is nonsense .
my favorite character was inigo montoya as he has the best lines .
inigo challenged his father  ' s killer to a duel
a transcendent ,
for someone who watches this film for the first time , and quickly catches on to the film  ' s capricious mix of reverence and satire , the film is a marvel to watch simply for the knowledge that you do not know what will come next .
i watched this movie *every day* for a year when i was a kid . and i still love it . and the book is even better !
i liked the one in which he was able to live his live out with someone he loved .
was expecting another retelling / twist type story but i was pleasantly surprised how by the book that was
many people know the history of james braddock , and know the outcome of his fights
with authentic heart .
old story well told !
my favorite character was the mom she was realistic
first time my mother ever cried in a cinema .
of course , there are films in which nothing or very little happens and they can be great
well , i went in expecting a masterpiece and i came out having watched a masterpiece .
i loved it but i thought seeing the worker again as a waiter was a bit cheesy
spider man , he is the main character . a nerd who suddenly has super powers .
i do n ' t know if my eyes are playing tricks on me , i swear some of the scenes are 60 fps .
is this better than spider - man ( 2002 ) ?
i thought it was good . not great . it was too heavily reliant on constant light - hearted humor and unfortunately not enough tension . no spoilers , but it does start to take itself more seriously towards the finale .
all - in - all a great film that i would n ' t hesitate for a second in recommending .
my favorite character was arthur because he had some of the best scenes .
i wonder how many people really felt connected to the main character ( s ) after watching the movie .
yes , the movie talks about emotional struggles but it was more of an action film than anything else , if you ask me .
they may play certain roles in the plot but they seemed more of distractions than anything else .
a bit preachy  -  i noticed that the characters would explain things about dreamworld and then the exact things happen later in the movie . i  ' m afraid , inception overused this trick .
i think it was a great film , one of the best woody has made in the last decade .
the midnight hour , something special , mystical , and magical .
performances are outstanding all around , with cotillard once again stealing every second she is on the screen .
she attracts many types , but her philosophy is unique , move on , enjoy , live the moment .
midnight in paris  "  is a beautiful display of what movie magic can truly create
i liked the one in which sebastian rebelled at his job by playing his own music .
the last time , i felt like this , in a cinema , i was six years old and i was watching star wars .
i never imagined , i would ever find that feeling again in a cinema .
the opening sequence took my breath away and i never got it back .
it is simply outrageous !
i liked the dinner scene with gwens dad .
spiderman 3 was better than this
do n ' t watch this movie
just watch the sam raimi trilogy , at least those movies had effort put into them
why did this movie get made ?
i liked the one in which neville realizes in the alternate ending that the infected humans still have some of their humanity .
i like the alternate ending much better .
the suspense was great .
it was the quality of the material
n ' t expect too much
i think it was a good twist on a vampire movie .
oskar will grow up , change and become a man . eli is stuck in a much more burdensome fate . and then there is the quiet , understated ending .
i had to read the book and watch the movie for a class . i loved them both and definitely a great vampire story .
the remake was unnecessary .
this is the first time since perhaps silence of the lambs that a horror film had a real chance to take home some oscar gold
i think it was heartbreaking but inspirational .
he received the academy award in a waltz , and you could almost pick any of his major scenes as worthy of the award .
anyone who can watch hanks  '  in the opera scene , or hear springsteen  ' s or young  ' s eerie and melancholy ballads and not weep is dead inside .
not a better film in sight
mary steenburgen is surprising in an uncharacteristic villain
same old threats of galaxy annihilation spiced with fairly entertaining fish - out - of - water jokes
loki :  "  ta - daaaaa  "  best line of the movie .
those oil paintings during the end credits really did it for me .
even more shallow than the first .
everything else was really poor .
what kind of charles manson| mansonite crazoid
the first scene in the film depicts a desecrated grave with a voiceover of radio newscast , immediately followed by an opening credits sequence set against a backdrop of roaring solar flares .
what disc did you watch ?
i rewatched it last night . i just love how fucking gritty and grungy it is .
you hit the nail on the head . so much dread .
i liked the one in which daniel gives a monologue to eli towards the end of the film .
daniel day lewis .
he takes his role by the reigns and i do n ' t doubt him for a second .
lewis gives what is easily , easily the best performance of the past five years .
every moment feels more epic than the last , until the film becomes such a towering cinematic spectacle that the end leaves the viewer exhausted .
one of the greatest films of the decade
first time my mother ever cried in a cinema .
i really wanted to know what happened to his step - brother and sister .
it celebrates the ordinary and mediocrity instead of aiming at something extraordinary .
of course , there are films in which nothing or very little happens and they can be great ( tarkovsky  ' s  "  mirror  "  , antonioni  ' s  "  l ' avventura  "  or tarr  ' s  "  the turin horse  "  come to my mind
i think it was an odd film
there  ' s something about the midnight hour , something special , mystical , and magical .
where gil comes to realize that he has been transported to the 1920s , an era he admires and idolizes in the novel he is writing .
she attracts many types , but her philosophy is unique , move on , enjoy , live the moment
allen  ' s dreams are magical . a magical mystery tour de force
i liked the one in which the actor , played by matthew mcconaughey , finds out he first has aids . the acting was phemnomenal and i loved his reaction to the news .
much has already been written about matthew mcconaughey and jared leto  ' s astonishing transformations , and brilliant performances .
they both deserve enormous accolades , golden globe and ampas - worthy , for these transformations and the effort of their craft .
some reviews hail the project as  "  a crowd pleaser ,  "  and yet , you realise , these are truly marginal characters , and not entirely likable , as some have already said , in an era ( 1970s - 1980s early aids crisis ) that is nearly forgotten in this age of hiv exposure - as - a - managed - care - condition , rather than a death sentence , as it was between 1979 - 1995 .
a facisnating true story with gritty realism and excellent performances .
i think it was emotional , and it highligted an important aspect of the human condition .
i  ' ve been watching affleck  ' s directed movies and i loved the town and gone baby gone .
there  ' s one thing about hollywood  -  you ca n ' t stop the hype .
personally , i thought the plot was an excellent idea  -  maybe someone else could have thought of it , but could they have provided the great script ?
matt damon and ben affleck really have done themselves proud .
i liked the one in which eli kills the bullies at the pool .
mood , atmosphere , and patience : all things that mainstream american directors films rarely execute well .
i watched this movie a few years back , i absolutely loved it .
where a more traditional horror film might have opted for endless ultra violence or else cut everything out in favor of a kiddie friendly rating . director tomas alfredson steers the line right down the middle .
some will find it haunting , others will find it whimsical , i went back and forth more than a few times .
predictable but not unwelcome addition to the focker family
i  ' m guessing i was the only person that actually thought the movie was funny ...
the entire audience was silent , the only laughter i heard was from some teenage girls laughing at a scene involving a needle and someone  ' s penis . i would n ' t have minded puns , or cheesy jokes , or embarrassing situations ,
i liked the one with the dance by uma thurman and john travolta
the one with the
i liked the one in which john mcclane and zeus are in the taxi driving across new york , through central park and on sidewalks .
that movie is the reason why i  ' ll forever know how to do that classic puzzle where you have to use only a five gallon jug and a three gallon jug to fill up the big one with exactly four gallons .
hot damn , summer in the city back of my neck gettin dirty and gritty
i think die hard 2 was awesome
i will upvote die hard related posts until the day i die .
my favorite character was mercutio . he was very charasmatic and interesting .
the title
and juliet
i like the one in which toothless smiles toothlessly at hiccup for the first time .
best animated
i think it was a great action packed movie
i loved the movie , however it did n ' t feel like a  ' bond film  '  to me .
what is with the hacking bullshit ?
point click and blow up a gas line .
i thought he was urinating at first .
my favorite character was nicholas angel .
pegg and
police officers
i think it was one of the best heartwarming boston movies ever .
i think it was
they won the academy award for best original screenplay !
i expect affleck to win best director within 10 years .
i still need to watch argo .
my favorite character was jason bourne because he  ' s a badass .
kinda reminds me of the end of dark man , when liam neeson  ' s character turns into bruce campbell , then hides in the sea of faces .
i appreciate that while the movies do n ' t follow the book much at all , in both media bourne is capable of accomplishing so much via phone .
i loved this movie !
it was obviously done intentionally by design choice , but it was excessively overdone .
my favorite character was peter parker
james franco
i liked the one in which maria and the captain sing in the gazeebo .
it simply has everything one could want in a movie . first of all , it has a real romance  -  one where you can watch the characters slowly fall in love .
secondly , it has humor . not syrupy or corny humor , but very wry , dry tongue - in - cheek humor .
thirdly , it  ' s got adventure . the nazis are the ultimate villains in any movie  -  wwii was as clear a case of good vs. evil as you can find , making it great fodder for films  - 
fourthly , it  ' s got great music . fifthy , it  ' s got great scenery . and the plot and dialogue are astounding . i find new things to admire each time i watch . finally , is there a greater scene in any movie than the nuns revealing the stolen nazi car parts ? ? ?
i think it was an epic tale which perfectly portrayed the frustration of those who are mediocre at what they are passionate about .
undisputed masterpiece .
amadeus is an extremely well written story , covering the last ten years of mozart  ' s massively prolific yet unusual life .
i would advise anyone to shut out the self - righteous whining of those people who fancy themselves as mozart experts , when they really have little solid evidence for their assertions .
this issue aside , the picture is one of fantastic colour and scale , crammed with lavish costumes and wonderful architecture .
my favorite charcter was jerry lundegaard
i liked nikki the whole season and was rooting for her , and then she killed that police officer and now i  ' m glad she  ' s dead
did n ' t love how they handled the second half of the finale .
indeed , the plot is similar to hamlet  ' s , in that they both have characters we root for who create zany plans than end up spinning wildly out of control into bloodshed .
me . i love fargo for its brilliant writing , its tragic musical score , its tragic plot , william h macy , harve presnell and steve buscemi , its ignorance of political correctness ( how many movies can you remember when the only two minority characters were both revealed to be creeps ) .
i think it was the second worst rocky movie .
the only rocky sequel worth anything is 4 for its ridiculousness and robot .
i like them ; they entertain me , and i think they all serve their purpose .
he came up with the idea , wrote a script , fought to get it made , fought to become the leading star , and literally fought to get in shape .
indeed , the  ' rocky  '  legacy is often poked fun at because it is the typical endless hollywood moneymaking franchise .
i think it is a decent indian action film .
indian action film
salman khan
i think it was very good , very family friendly , good comedy , with little upsetting violence .
i just recently watched it for the first time too . it was fantastic . just watched pulp fiction as well , which was equally as good .
i read the book . one of my favorite books ever . then i saw the movie .
the manner in which this fairytale part of the story is executed by goldman and reiner is memorable enough to make this a great film .
a transcendent , nostalgic , pervasively hilarious experience . i
i liked the one in which sebastian rebelled at his job by playing his own music .
i will just say please go and watch this film . trust me , it  ' s worth it .
i was six
this film defies genre
i urge you to see it .
i think it was a clasdic horror film and will remain one .
there were a handful of lines i enjoyed such as the  ' body dying but brain living on  '  speech , but the rest seemed like plagiarized , recycled and poorly delivered lines selectively stolen from all the nightmare films . ( ex . robert  ' s  "  your eyes say no , no , but your body says yes , yes .  "  from freddy vs. jason ) i do n ' t understand why everything needs to be explained in full now
where was the creepy nightmare goat in this film ? did they have to cut the sequence showing a young fred krueger as a goat - herder on his family farm ?
i hate that . i did n ' t need to know what the force was , michael myers mom was a stripper ? oh , okay , his killing is justified . i do n ' t care that jason voorhees played hockey and was prolific in archery and i do n ' t care that leatherface has no nose . some things are more frightening if you do n ' t know why or are n ' t given a chronological map of where everything went wrong .
i  ' m not sure if that was the goal of the screenwriter , but it was n ' t a very clever or effective trick if that was the intent .
i liked the one in which peter fights the lizard at his high school .
i liked that the granite in the washington monument was what set off the crystal .
i thought it was good .
no one involved with this movie cared about making a good movie .
do n ' t
i think it was exciting .
my favorite character was chigurh . even though he was a reprehensible villain , he dominates every second on screen .
i love movies and i am not one of those who insist on only being hand fed obvious characters and plots .
i enjoy movies that make you think and use symbolism .
what i saw was two men fighting over the same two million dollars .
the good guy is running with the money the bad guy is chasing him the sheriff seems like he is supposed to be chasing them but does n ' t really want to and would rather be some sort of hillbilly philosopher about the whole thing .
my favorite character was maleficient
the plot for this movie really fits into the current trend of exploring the anti - hero ( breaking bad , hannibal ... ) and shows that disney is trying to break with its past depiction of characters being black and white , good or evil , etc .
i do expect some controversy over parts of the film but i wo n ' t discuss those here .
i just can not believe this is the same writer that gave us *beauty and the beast* !
good casting but an absolute mess of a script .
i think it was an odd film
allen  ' s dreams are magical
his girlfriend and he are quite different in their appreciation of what being in paris means .
performances are outstanding all around , with cotillard once again stealing every second she is on the screen
cotillard  ' s muse is the perfect human equivalent , a dazzling and potent woman , who moves from man to man , place to place , time to time , and who surprises us with her own wishes near the end of the story
i think it was a good way to show how easy life can change drastically and quickly .
three movie attempts essentially blew it . the omega man was n ' t close either , but was far more original in execution than the current version , in my opinion .
unfortunately , it was so low budget that the production quality made it almost unwatchable . matheson spun an enduring classic in less than two hundred
what ashame that this movie could n ' t have done the same . if you  ' re into apocalyptic sci - fi , you  ' ll probably enjoy this film . but do n ' t expect too much .
i like the alternate ending much better .
i think it was sad because i realized hiv / aids is a horrible disease .
matthew mcconaughey and jared leto  ' s astonishing transformations
ron makes love to somebody while everybody is waiting up .
a compelling character study of a time of crisis that has not been well - captured
my favorite character was the mom she was realistic
seldom has there been a film where the critic  ' s opinions and its true quality diverge so seriously .
nothing happens and it takes 3 hours
it celebrates the ordinary and mediocrity instead of aiming at something extraordinary .
anybody with the same camera and some actors could have made this movie or ( more likely ) a better one .
i liked the one in which they are sitting at the table with the asian man and he starts to laugh .
at times , it  ' s hard to keep up , even after watching it several times .
matrix but in dreamworld
although the acting was convincing enough there was not enough of character development .
its sophistication  -  there is a lot of information to remember and digest .
my favorite character was leonard because he had a lot of grit .
do n ' t
this film is well - made all the way around  -  -  from the direction , to the editing , and especially the unique story that is rarely found in hollywood these days .
thank goodness i did n ' t read the reviews posted before i saw the film !
it too will give too much away .
my favorite character was the mask , definitely , because of carrey  ' s brilliant physical comedy .
my favorite character was juror number 9 played by henry fonda .
the film succeeds in doing something very rare today  -  developing an intelligent plot while also developing 12 believable , memorable and distinct characters .
the film begins with the end of the trial .
as time goes on some of the jurors change their minds and find that there is perhaps enough reasonable doubt not to convict the young man after all .
i like the one in which james tries to kill bella .
twilight shines brightest once the credits roll
it  ' s not just a vampire and a human falling in love with each other , but because of the two leads , it  ' s one of the best on screen romances of the decade . this , however , is severely hurt by the fact that twilight boasts easily some of the worst writing and editing i  ' ve ever seen .
most actors would believe the only requirement of the character is to be good looking , but pattinson takes it a step further and makes edward cullen very likable , trustworthy , and in the end , a good hero for the audience .
okay , i do n ' t really know what possessed the writer of this screenplay to make it so horrible ( was it the source material ? ) , because the dialog is just so bad that i laughed at serious moments . there  ' s a lot of intentional humor , mostly in the beginning when bella and edward feel like awkward teens in love . i guess the movie moved along okay , because i was n ' t bored at all
i think the movie casino was a good movie that showed what the early vegas strip was like , the good and gritty sides .
casino exemplifies not only the best of a scorsese film , but transcends it .
now it looks like disney land  " 
the acting is superb . i never thought pesci would be able to top his dynamic performance in raging bull until i saw casino .
the individual moments , not the payoff , that make it so effective .
i think it was the hype that gave this movie the bad reviews by some imdb users , as let  ' s face it , it can totally ruin a movie for some people .
my advice : forget the oscar nominations , the rave reviews , the famous faces , and sit down to watch this movie with a completely impartial attitude .
beautiful in its own way .
look positively pleasant by comparison
brilliant film . puts the remake to shame .
all the remakes and imitators are just swimming in its wake ...
my favorite character was played by laura dern
this film made maclachlan ... him and laura dern work well together and give nice low - key performances .
probably david lynch  ' s best film .
you can tell ... things that make no sense at first gradually make sense later on
i liked the one in which the actor , played by matthew mcconaughey , finds out he first has aids . the acting was phemnomenal and i loved his reaction to the news .
much has already been written about matthew mcconaughey and jared leto  ' s astonishing transformations , and brilliant performances .
a facisnating true story with gritty realism and excellent performances
bravo to the producers of this movie for giving this project the greenlight , because the sexually - active youth of today would never know the plague and tragedy that preceded their coming - of - age without a reminder like this .
i think it was boring .
whatever this movie is supposed to be , it fails on every level .
this is the worst of the pre - millennial tcms by a long shot .
my favorite character was obviously the main character because through his perseverance he was able to escape a dangerous situation .
owen wilson returns as kevin and the running joke other than him being some rich worldly hippie is that he  ' s in love with pam , which never amounts to anything .
andi gets drunk and forcefully kisses and hugs greg , but greg resists and asks her to leave .
jack suggests the girl takes after pam and the boy takes after greg .
greg and jack argue loudly and as he leaves , greg tells dina about jacks heart attack .
my favorite character was alice .
bella
my favorite character was george
the original one from 1960 already is a classic !
its not a classic because its a remake of a 1960 movie that was much better .
it  ' s a remake . it  ' s kind of hard to have an unoriginal idea be a modern classic .
can a remake be a classic ?
i think it was absolutely amazing . the fast and the furious franchise is my favorite movie franchise by far .
screenwriter chris morgan found an appropriate balance between action and story , and director james wan made a fluid and dynamic work .
besides , the sad death of actor paul walker  ' s brings a gravity to the story which the screenplay could have never generated by itself .
the quantity and complexity of the stunts displayed in furious 7 are making some people talk about the possibility of introducing a special category for stunt doubles at the oscars ; and i think that  ' s an excellent idea .
there  ' s undoubtedly digital manipulation in those scenes ( erasing of cables , face replacement , general retouch ) , but there  ' s still an extraordinary mechanic , pyrotechnic and logistical talent involved in the shooting of those scenes , something which would deserve a formal recognition by the oscars .
i liked the one with cookie where he talks about his chimichanga stand during the battle .
the original gang all return along with shrek and fiona .
there are also a number of celebrity voice cameos including larry king and regis philbin and all add up to a lively time at the movies .
donkey falls for a trap baited with waffles , and gets pulled underground .
there are also many more laughs in this film than the previous , and can often be attributed to site gags sprung from the new universe ( an obese puss in boots provokes more than a few guffaws ) .
my favorite character was toothless because he had a presence with no dialogue .
despite hiccup  ' s protests , the angry vikings chain toothless up .
from the first to the last frame this film is as good as an animated film gets on almost every level . beautifully written , designed and executed .
one of the most breathtaking animated films of all time .
really enjoyed it , did a great job at expanding on the first movie , my high expectations were met .
i liked the one in which nedry runs off the road and the dilophosaurs spits on him .
congrats to barry for becoming the first black guy ever to survive a jurassic park movie !
as a kid , i only watched it to see the dinosaurs , as i did n ' t understand a whole lot of it . today , i realize how great the plotting and suspense are .
the best thing about this movie is that they did n ' t kill off the black guy .
if kids are n ' t scared by dinosaurs , they will probably enjoy the movie . i highly recommend jurassic park .
my favorite character was the cop , leonard norton , because he was just an ordinary person thrust into a crazy situation and it was interesting to see how he handled himself .
good for this type of movie
i  ' ve read the story it  ' s based on , which was written back in the 30s or 40s . they took a lot of liberties
one of the best sf / horror hybrids of the 90s
my favorite character was james franco  ' s character .
peter is shocked that norman is the goblin .
i also thought the special effects were very good .
a really great comic book adaptation .
the amazing spider - man  "  comic book was a childhood favorite of mine , and i can honestly say that sam raimi has done it justice !
i liked the one in which he was playing football in a tutu
is the kind of
the stone
my favorite character was the cop , leonard norton , because he was just an ordinary person thrust into a crazy situation and it was interesting to see how he handled himself .
also i felt the movie was just a little too quick in unveiling its mystery .
one of the best sf / horror hybrids of the 90s .
good for this type of movie .
is a significant step up in pacing and atmosphere .
my favorite character was stanley ipkiss
stanley ipkiss
a clerk in an edge city bank , is a shy , luckless romantic who is regularly bullied by nearly everyone around him , including his boss ( eamonn roche ) , his landlady mrs peeman ( nancy fish ) , and car mechanics . his only friends are his fox terrier milo and his co - worker charlie ( richard jeni ) .
the plot makes you think what it would be like if you had the mask and what you would do with it .
best anti - bullying campaign i  ' ve ever seen . in all serious , fantastic films . literally kept me on the edge of my seat .
i think it was even better than the first hellboy . i loved prince nuada and also the relationship between nuala and abe .
it will entertain and charm many outside those circles as well with its fantastic action sequences , engaging characters , and wonderful sense of humor
hellboy ii  -  back and better than ever !
i  ' m still waiting for hellboy 3 and x - files 3 ... *sheds tear* ... still waiting ...
del toro said that the third movie would require around 180 million dollars .
i liked the one which the team set up the robbery .
this time around with a brand new script and an immensely prosperous cast and crew we have ended up with a film ten times better than the original .
the fact is that there is no main character or personality . they are all in it together  -  reflecting the sense of the film in real life .
the easy friendship between clooney , pitt , roberts et al shines throughout the film and seems to draw the audience in to their inner circle .
this is one of those movies that when it  ' s on tnt , tbs , or something , i  ' ll just stop and watch the rest of it .
i liked the one in which spider man kisses mary jane .
a really great comic book adaptation .
director sam raimi kept the action quotient high , but also emphasized the human element of the story .
his boyish glee at discovering his new superpowers was infectious and got a lot of laughs .
amazingly spectacularly great .
i think it was a great and refreshing take on a character we thought we already new ; thus making it a great film .
i was surprised as to how good it really was . aj was actually very good .
too powerful to be undone .
woolverton and jolie
fairy tale
never watched it .
less action than the first
read the books .
so what you are saying then is that the other 2 books in the series are pretty much limbers then and really not worth reading ?
the film explained almost everything pretty cleverly
i think it was the best in the franchise .
just let the franchise die in peace . in my opinion it peaked with the second movie .
the characters that populate the  "  shrek  "  universe remain as endearing as ever in principle , but after four movies there is little that can be done to keep them animated , so to speak .
just before the king signs the contract , a page bursts in and announces that princess fiona has been saved .
the animation is as stellar as ever and it never ceases to amaze how lifelike a film can look that has a talking donkey at its center .
i liked the one in which the team getm there powers
victor continues manipulating the environment against the four , pinning them down .
as a comic book fan i felt like josh trank just slapped me in the face by using so very little of the actual comics . he basically used the name of a comic i love to get me to see it and then gave me a different movie .
none of the characters matched their comic counter part . they were all too young so of course reed richards did n ' t have gray streaks , who thought it would be a good idea to make a tiny guy the thing ?
i really hope this movie does n ' t kill the career  ' s of the cast . they really are the only good thing about this movie .
my favorite character was john mcclane because he is a complete badass .
not your average action movie
the buddy action film has never been better .
it  ' s also the only die hard film where john mcclane is actually working in his own jurisdiction .
the first 3 are obviously classics but i also really liked the 4th one
i think it was one of the best heartwarming boston movies ever .
not only is the script powerful , but the dynamics between the characters  -  all of them selfish , even skylar  -  is vividly and plausibly executed .
a slow burner , a fine achievement
this movie has a brilliant script ...
i  ' ve been watching affleck  ' s directed movies and i loved the town and gone baby gone . i still need to watch argo
i think it was well done
richard madden is so smart
i thought it was
such a beautiful movie
this film is a real terrific family movie you must all see whether you are children or adults .
i think it was a poignant movie emphasizing how everyone should help others as much as they can . it  ' s also terribly sad .
it is the typical american detached house , but it looks as though it were in the middle of a war zone .
i was anxious to see it , having read the book several times , and i  ' m a fan of hollywood  ' s first impression of the original tale , the omega man ( 1971 ) .
i  ' ve been a fan of richard matheson almost since i learned how to read .
i got ta say that the alternate ending was much better .
obi - wan kenobi , because the spirit of obi - wan kenobi confirms that this other skywalker is luke  ' s twin sister , leia .
it  ' s not the darkest of the trilogy  -  it  ' s the most mature .
all the fun of the original with a much better , darker plot .
the performances are terrific , especially by harrison ford as han solo , and billy dee williams as lando calrissian .
the conclusion , with a lightsaber duel between darth vader and luke skywalker , is truly one of the most suspenseful and dramatic scenes in the entire series .
my favorite character was michelle , because she is so loving but stern .
the dress episode has convinced michelle  ' s parents that they should give jim a second chance and they schedule a private dinner .
jim lies to stifler that everyone will be gone that night so he can have his private moment with michelle  ' s parent . unfortunately , stifler , thinking that jim will be home alone , sees it as the perfect moment for the bachelor party to take place .
ok , i admit it . american pie movies are tasteless , goofy and hilariously stupid ... but i love them ! this movie , in my opinion , was the best in the series because it was ... well , the funniest . and also a little touching .
if you do n ' t like grossness and ridiculous situations , then this film is not for you . it  ' ll probably appeal to people in the 13 - 18 age range most , but pretty much everyone who watches it will laugh at least once .
i think it was a good movie . the ending was good but not what i was expecting .
i wish they had n ' t continued with the epilogue . it would  ' ve been really nice to end the movie on the last word .
katniss is nearly killed by one creature but she and peeta fight them off ( she with her bow and explosive - tipped arrows , and he with his assault rifle ) as they stand back to back fighting .
i did n ' t expected it to be a great movie , just a good action one , and it failed .
do not understand of the 10 / 10 brigade with respect to this film .
my favorite character was elliot ness . kevin costner did an awesome job portraying such an interesting character .
costner phoned it in imp .
all the other films had completely different aims and even though i love a deep and brilliant story my main objective when i see a film is to be entertained and basically no film does that better than the untouchables .
the acting is nothing short of brilliant . this is without a doubt kevin costner  ' s best role . some people have remarked that he seemed stiff and unable to portray the emotion of the character and to that i can only ask : were we watching the same movie ? ! he is a hundred percent believable all the way through .
charles martin smith does a good job as well and even though his character is very limited he still manages to pull the audience in .
i think it was pretty good .
too many  "  yes men  "  around george lucas
a solid but flawed addition to the star wars saga
this is the film that defined my childhood and love for star wars . will always have a place in my heart for it .
lucas may have problems as a director and writer , but i  ' ve always thought that those flaws are balanced by his great storytelling ability .
i liked the scene in the barn where the biker thugs show up and jason is throwin them all over .
at nightfall , jason continues lurking around the barn while spying on the kids who settle down for a party at the nearby cabin .
what is excellent about this film are some of the same elements that made halloween good .
you get to see more of fox hanging from the barn and in a truly jaw dropping moment , you get to see all of andy , chopped up after he gets split in two walking on his hands .
the best *friday* with a chilling atmosphere . shame the franchise slumped into a camp , yet enjoyable mess .
i liked the one in which the last victim fought to survive .
they  ' re insanely weird , like they were created in a post - 80s cocaine hangover .
the movie itself is downright horrendous . it starts off as a typical slasher : a few teens leaving prom get stranded in the woods , then they encounter strange characters , and from then it devolves into a nonsensical screaming battle between everyone .
the only reason anyone would have any inclination to watch this is because of its leads  -  renee zellweger and matthew mcconaughey  -  who were young and naive back then , but they did they best they could with the material they had .
tcm : tng was actually directed by the dude that co - wrote the original with tobe hooper .
my favorite character was mason .
first time my mother ever cried in a cinema . guess which scene .
the intelligent viewer will be unable to connect with such a person .
mason walks through this film as if he was in a coma or half asleep ; he has no ambitions .
at some point he gets his first kiss , gets interested in photography ( the ultimate art form for unimaginative lazy people ) during high school ( have n ' t we seen that already too many times ? ) , goes to college at which point the film ends .
i liked the one with cookie where he talks about his chimichanga stand during the battle .
as long as i get more eddie murphy , i  ' m good .
an entertaining diversion , even if the series is no longer magical
i just want an actual ending to the series . a fucking alternate timeline movie is not an ending
there were moments in there that felt like the first two films , and overall it is a very enjoyable ride that even though it does n ' t live quite up to the first two films .
i liked the one in which he was playing football in a tutu
jim carrey in his hey day would have been a better joker than he was the riddler .
when this movie reruns on tbs they show the gas station scene for edits .
also tbs airs the cannibal corpse scene for edits .
sure , this is cheeseball comedy , but jim carrey makes it memorable .
my favorite character was benjamin because he was determined .
first off , campanella works with flawless effort all of the technical aspects of the film .
it even starts with a double exposure effect , mixed with some sad shots of a beautiful buenos aires that hints the spectacle ahead of us .
one shot especially , from a chopper in a soccer field edited with a crane shot is breathtaking . nothing to envy from hollywood upper class .
but the main strength of the movie comes from the powerful narrative dominion director campanella has over characters , spaces and silences . many moments are coldly tense , scary and very , very intense .
my favorite character was sebastian because i relate to him as an artist .
i think chazelle has taken over woody allen  ' s job as this generation  ' s definitive filmmaker who incorporates jazz into everything .
i was six
unless  "  silence  "  turns out to be  "  goodfellas  "   - level scorsese , there  ' s no contest for 2016  ' s best picture : it  ' s  "  la la land .  " 
the ending of that movie ripped my heart apart .
i liked the one in which dr. grant shows the kids how to pet the brontosaurus .
i do n ' t know why i loved this movie so much .
maybe it was the utter amazement when i first saw the brachiosaurus eat from a tree .
or maybe it was my adrenaline rushing when two 12 year old were attacked by velociraptors .
it might possibly be the chills that went down my spine when the t - rex first made his terrifying roar .
i think it was a great movie .
simple horror at its best .
in the back room , she discovers an altar with pamela voorhees  '  head ( now mummified ) on it , surrounded by the bodies of the recent victims .
the final 15 minutes are quite tension - filled and better than anything in the original .
steve miner did n ' t mess around too much with sean cunninham  ' s successful formula simply adding some quite inventive kills and bloodletting .
jeff and sandra are upstairs having sex , but not knowing the assailant heads upstairs and resulting both of them impaled through the bed with a spear .
man , now i feel like watching the whole series again .
my favourite character was the queen
mia  ' s car
my favorite charcter was jerry lundegaard
i have seen this film over , well , an
jerry is sitting in his office at the car dealership talking on the phone .
jerry clearly tries to get the man off the phone as quickly as he can while still being vague about the particulars
many people seem to like fargo for its humorous qualities , its characterization of the minnesotan culture and frances
brilliant writing , its tragic musical score , its tragic plot , william h macy , harve presnell and steve buscemi ,
how many movies can you remember when the only two minority characters were both revealed to be creeps
a masterpiece of shakesperean proportions .
fargo would make a great shakesperean play ; you could alter the modern elements and still have created a buzz 400 years ago in suburban england .
the plot is similar to hamlet  ' s , in that they both have characters we root for who create zany plans
i liked the one in which the team getm there powers
did doom forget in the final fight that 5 minutes earlier he was killing people with a glance ?
there is more action in a ronda rosey fight .
they just did n ' t feel like a team  -  there was no bond between them , and that  ' s what should certainly be established in a movie like this .
i really hope this movie does n ' t kill the career  ' s of the cast .
i think it was exciting and visually stunning .
james franco would have made a better arthur , imo .
matrix but in dreamworld ? nah .
i wish the movie was more focused .
too many distractions  -  i found that the movie had more characters than necessary . they may play certain roles in the plot but they seemed more of distractions than anything else .
i think it was amazing
today  ' s movies where two characters meet and the next scene is
adventure . the nazis are the
expectations in terms of
i liked the one in which cobb finally meets saito in limbo .
takes the elevator alone to the last level where she sees a hotel room
of glass .
nolan  ' s first true masterpiece .
i think it was a great and refreshing take on a character we thought we already new ; thus making it a great film .
the plot for this movie really fits into the current trend of exploring the anti - hero ( breaking bad , hannibal ... ) and shows that disney is trying to break with its past depiction of characters being black and white , good or evil , etc .
going in , i was excited as a life - long disney fan but also expecting a somewhat cheesy good - vs - evil type of movie based on what i had seen in the trailer .
angelina jolie delivers an amazing performance and makes a well - known , previously rather one -  dimensional disney villain relate - able and more sympathetic , while also managing to look like a convincing , gorgeous , magical creature .
although maleficent  ' s character has been humanised in this re - telling , the story really emphasises that she is n ' t human at all , and explores the ins and outs of her life and how she relates to the humans she encounters .
i liked the one in which robert neville sacrifices himself to save the world from the virus .
movie full of adventure and heart .
alternative ending ,
i was anxious to see
i liked the one in which the famous scenes from the play are acted out .
shakespeare worthy
the australian director manages to combine an exciting mix of original shakespearean dialect and hollywood action , which together delivers a brilliant new concept to film making .
the casting of leonardo di caprio as romeo and claire danes as juliet are inspired choices , as they both give the best performance of their fledgling careers .
although this is a story which has been told many times before , luhrmann keeps the idea fresh , mainly by using a lovely mixture of fast editing and beautifully choreographed fight scenes , which would n ' t look out of place in a john woo action film . it also combines a fantastic soundtrack with a stunning backdrop of  ' verona beach  '  .
it is a great movie with a great plotline .
while vincent holds honey bunny at bay , jules explains to pumpkin how , even earlier that morning , he would have killed pumpkin and honey bunny without a second thought .
one of the early scenes in  "  pulp fiction  "  features two hit - men discussing what a big mac is called in other countries .
their dialogue is witty and entertaining , and it  ' s also disarming , because it makes these two thugs seem all too normal .
one of the best movies of the century !
my favorite character was teddy .
thank goodness i did n ' t read the reviews posted before i saw the film !
memento is one of those pictures that will have you sitting in the theater after the lights come up so you can talk to everyone else about what they thought of the movie .
this is a highly intelligent and original brain teaser that will have you guessing from beginning to end , and even afterwards .
the story and the direction are the best i  ' ve seen so far this year , and it deserves all the kudos it gets .
my favorite character was james bond because he could fight well
one minute he ca n ' t shoot ... 10 seconds later he shoots everyone in a 360 arc ?
he tries to warn m , but m refuses to leave and look like a coward .
they traced the shrapnel in bond  ' s chest to a  ' special ' bullet that only 3 people use ?
fantastic movie , one of the best of craigs era , except for the godzilla sized komodo dragons .
i liked the one in which thor goes to ask loki to join his plot .
most of the characters are completely one - dimensional , with the possible exception of loki .
in return , thor promises loki that he can have his revenge on malekith for killing their mother .
this is a mindless blockbuster marvel movie so we should n ' t expect much .
the writers were obviously just going through the motions to cash in on the surefire moneymaker sequel , and from a business perspective it is hard to fault them .
i liked the one in which
loved how snow laughed in his last moments .
i wish they had n ' t continued with the epilogue . it would  ' ve been really nice to end the movie on the last word .
i really enjoyed this series overall .
you have in your hands a civil war , the final battle into the heart of the capital , and you spent 2 hours of your life watching your main character taking a walk in a war zone .
i liked carrell  ' s character the most
bittersweet , emotionally uplifting and distinctly hilarious
i enjoyed everything about this movie .
my favorite character was oskar because he had a hard life with family and bullies and came out the other side with a great friendship .
an almost drowned oskar is pulled from the water by eli , who has just slaughtered three of oskar  ' s tormentors , leaving the fourth sobbing on the side of the pool .
it is smarter , scarier and more nuanced .
it does n ' t feel like a thriller , it feels like literature
agreed . a fantastic love story .
i liked the one in which kirk fights martia a shapeshifter who has transformed herself into kirk  ' s body double .
the original cast is in fine form
despite william shatner  ' s reputation as a ham actor , he delivers a great performance here
i would rank chang below khan and the borg queen , but far above all the other trek villains .
the best of the bunch with the original cast . a great send - off !
my favorite character was toothless because he had a presence with no dialogue .
really enjoyed it , did a great job at expanding on the first movie , my high expectations were met .
this is a huge accomplishment for dreamworks animation , it might actually be its best animated feauture it yet .
the 3d is amazing and at times breathtaking . i may of had the most fun that i  ' ve ever had in cinema watching how to train your dragon .
this movie is for everyone . adults and kids will enjoy it equally and will love it at the end . this movie will probably become a series like shrek .
i liked the one in which leonard got a tattoo of the license plate number .
thank goodness i did n ' t read the reviews posted before i saw the film ! most reviews ( including ones on this site ) will tell you waaayyyy too much about the movie , and that  ' s just plain frustrating .
the film is constructed and told in such a way that you are constantly put into the shoes of leonard shelby , beautifully played by guy pierce .
carrie - ann moss gives an equally mysterious and complex performance . this film is well - made all the way around  -  -  from the direction , to the editing , and especially the unique story that is rarely found in hollywood these days .
addictive and fun to figure out
i think it was an awesome and underrated monster movie .
the biggest asset is the production design . mimic has a delicious horror atmosphere that you could cut with a knife .
susan borrows manny  ' s razor and cuts into the dead adult , extracting its scent glands .
love movies where not even the kids are safe . really adds that next level danger and urgency .
one of the best sf / horror hybrids of the 90s .
my favorite caracter is the invisible girl .
what a waste of a stellar cast :  / 
fantastic flop
the trailers showed potential  -  they featured a new premise with some great new concepts .
more action in a ronda rosey fight .
i think it was not a good movie , and it did not do the character of spider - man justice .
it was too heavily reliant on constant light - hearted humor and unfortunately not enough tension .
no spoilers , but it does start to take itself more seriously towards the finale .
the constant joking around kinda bogged it down for me .
my only gripe was with the green goblin  ' s costume . very monotone green and not very scary .
my favorite character was m , as she drives the entire organization until she dies .
the irony of the  ' can bond operate in an internet world  '  theme ... he failed twice and got m killed
limitations of silva  ' s hacking ability in this fiction ? for all i know silva can make satellites fall on people .
super calculating ( hack crazy ) silva  ' s plan at the end was a firefight ?
i really enjoyed skyfall , but imo , casino royale was better in general
i think it was a great mobster mentality movie , with an absolutely wonderful comedic twist added .
although a comedy , it has violence and a lot of profanity .
my favorite character was frank booth  "  the well dressed man .  "  dennis hopper was a great actor in bizarre roles such as this .
the acting is top - notch .
the  "  yellow man  " 
after all these years ,  "  blue velvet  "  is still a shocker , and deciding how one feels about it is still a challenge .
i like the one in which the penguins all joined as a family .
mumble has no hope of competing with this charismatic new role model
graphics and effects look really awesome
something refreshing and very nice
i would definitely recommend this movie , for happy feet 2 will be interesting for both children and adults .
i think it was the worst american pie of the 3
stifler  ' s brother
mom ,
my favorite character was benjamin because he was determined .
the story , set in 1999 ,
simply put , this is one of the finest films i  ' ve ever seen .
this is what movies should always be
the characters are complicated , interesting , believable , flawed , funny , tragic and deeply human .
my favorite caracter is the invisible girl .
her invisibility and force field powers .
awful .
i think it was a great movie .
simple horror at its best
someone killed his mom for avenging his death , and he  ' s lived in the woods alone his whole life !
not exactly the most intricate storyline , but at least it  ' s not some mindless killer running around killing any teenager daring enough to get involved in any kind of sexual behavior ( an extremely popular motive in cheesy horror movies ) .
the even numbered sequels are the best !
my favorite character was peter parker .
at school that day , he learns he can shoot webs out of spinnerettes in his wrists
i thoroughly enjoyed  "  spider - man ,  "  which i saw in a screening
a really great comic book adaptation
director sam raimi kept the action quotient high , but also emphasized the human element of the story
i think it was a good movie . the ending was good but not what i was expecting .
boggs tells katniss to watch out . night falls and peeta ca n ' t sleep . he and katniss talk , and they play a game to help peeta figure out what is real and what parts of his memories are planted by capitol programming .
some of the action is humdrum and poorly lit and katniss  ' s use of the bow and arrow is almost laughable in this film .
i really enjoyed this series overall . loved how snow laughed in his last moments .
i liked the one in which the art gallery owner is first introduced .
beverly hills cop  "  is an immensely enjoyable film , and one of the best examples of the cop - comedy genre executed properly .
ultra - slick and ultra - cool .
axel begs bogomil to talk to todd in detroit , saying that if he lost his job in detroit , he would move to beverly hills permanently and work as a private detective . bogomil promises to clear everything up .
i think it was a fun movie , and it was much better than the second one in the series .
it  ' s also the only die hard film where john mcclane is actually working in his own jurisdiction .
he  ' s seen this stuff before , so he  ' s not as scared as he was before .
the film moves at a lightning pace that grips you from the opening scene to the very last
the buddy action film has never been better .
my favourite character was the queen
san francisco chronicle learns that mia is the genovian crown princess after paolo breaks his confidentiality agreement .
this movie could have come off as cheezy but thanks to the director and skilled actors it proved to be a real treat .
mia  ' s car fails on a hill
i think it was very good , very family friendly , good comedy , with little upsetting violence .
hello , my name is inigo montoya . you killed my father . prepare to die !  " 
i watched this movie *every day* for a year when i was a kid . and i still love it . and the book is even better !
it  ' s a movie that i just ca n ' t seem to grow tired of .
you keep using that word . i do not think it means what you think it means .
favourite character was jessica because she was so relatable
espsito and sandoval break into gmez  ' s household in the city of chivilcoy , hometown not only of gmez , but also of morales  ' s ill - fated wife .
during the illegal search , they ( unwillingly ) steal a set of letters written by the suspect to his mother .
the characters are complicated , interesting , believable , flawed , funny , tragic and deeply human .
i thought it was too predictable , but a good movie nonetheless .
my favorite character was jason because he is the villian and consistant character in all of them .
kills him by crushing his head , which one of his eyes pops out
in all it  ' s gore - splattered 3d glory
a hot fireplace poker
nothing beats seeing this on the big screen with jason  ' s face 10 - feet tall and his massive hands reaching out for you .
i liked the one in which the team getm there powers
franklin finds johnny in the hospital as he is leaving with an injured arm and scolds him for wasting his potential , but johnny resents his dad for putting more focus on his work than his family .
victor is cold and snobby towards them , but the whole team works together and creates a bigger teleportation machine based off of reed  ' s designs , known as the  "  quantum gate  "  .
they were all too young so of course reed richards did n ' t have gray streaks
i really hope this movie does n ' t kill the career  ' s of the cast .
i liked the one in which tackleberry meets mrs. feldman .
here  ' s this sweet old lady living in a nursing home / military barracks and who has more of a love of all things camouflaged than tackleberry himself . in fact , i was waiting the whole movie for her to tell her that she  ' s his long lost mother , but no such luck .
police academy head commandant eric lassard ( george gaynes ) decides that the police force is overworked and understaffed , so he comes up with the idea of recruiting civilian volunteers to work side - by - side with his officers in a program called  "  citizens on patrol  "  ( cop ) .
a gaggle of society  ' s goofiest citizens have taken advantage of a new policy to loosen hiring standards at the police force and actually made it through despite efforts from all directions to get them thrown out .
i  ' ve wanted to join the police force since i was young .
i liked the one in which the girl figure out freddy has been in both their dreams .
quentin tries to stay awake long enough to pull nancy out of her dream when she has freddy , but he falls asleep and is attacked .
krueger then goes after nancy , and explains that he intentionally left her for last so she would stay awake long enough that when she finally fell asleep , she would no longer be able to wake back up .
it  ' s a darker take on a character that had fallen into parody .
the whimsical world of nightmares ?
i think it was a typical david lynch film which depicts a very weird dream or nightmare .
strange , beautiful american classic .
when frank pulls over at a sawmill yard and begins to abuse dorothy , jeffrey hits frank , enraging him further .
maclachlan is just right as the lost innocent jeffrey , and hopper shreds the screen as his depraved counterpoint frank .
a masterpiece .
i think it was the best scientific movie as it deals with dreams which is imagination which ca n ' t be describe .
the synchronization of kicks pulls on ariadne and she calls for cobb to join her
may or may not fetch him an oscar but it will be his finest performance till date
nolan has outdone himself
obi - wan kenobi , because the spirit of obi - wan kenobi confirms that this other skywalker is luke  ' s twin sister , leia .
it  ' s not the darkest of the trilogy  -  it  ' s the most mature
the moment i knew yoda was badass : luke :  "  i  ' m not afraid .  "  yoda :  "  you will be ... you will be .  "  god , i love this fucking movie .
my love for the empire was born during  "  the battle of hoth  "  . the music , the visuals , all changed my life .
the best film in the original trilogy .
i think it was overrated .
lana is a divorcee
the harvest .
i liked the one in which bruce & alfred find out the riddler  ' s identity that was kept secret .
this movie is the biggest meme i have ever seen . i love every second of it .
teams up with the riddler , an ex - employee of bruce wayne enterprises
joel turned harvey two - face , a steely , no - nonsense crime boss , into a laughing idiot
i think it was fantastic .
the unspoiled new zealand locales are spectacular , providing a variety of environments to represent the different settings on the characters  '  journey .
i agree , the breaking of the fellowship in particular was spot - on perfect .
from the opening 10 min . backstory where the dark lord sauron is shown on the battlefield wiping out men & elves 10 at a time with each swing of his mace , i was blown away .
second best for me . return of the king comes first . then fellowship of the ring and finally the two towers .
my favorite character was zeus . he  ' s intelligent , but boisterous . he  ' s not afraid to speak his mind . he  ' s funny and he plays well off mcclane  ' s character .
he does n ' t know how to use a gun , he has no combat training , and he  ' s never had to take on terrorists before .
these two have a chemistry that at least equals riggs and murtaugh and if there  ' s a die hard sequel , jackson needs to come back .
that movie is the reason why i  ' ll forever know how to do that classic puzzle where you have to use only a five gallon jug and a three gallon jug to fill up the big one with exactly four gallons .
the buddy action film has never been better .
i think it was a very funny and enjoyable movie .
their first taste of action ends incredibly poorly when gamble floors the accelerator on his red prius and crashes into the crime scene .
will ferrell is back ! mark wahlberg is perfect .
the dry humor was tremendous and the chemistry between marky mark and will ferrell is unmatched .
the story of the movie is pretty predictable but there legit is non stop laughter through the entire film .
i like the one in which the main character  ' s jet was shot down in the beginning of the movie .
quality comedies  -  -  if they go beyond one sequel  -  -  never come in threes .
in the case of  "  little fockers ,  "  three  ' s a focking mess .
but we asked for it ;  "  meet the fockers  "  ranks as the highest - grossing live - action comedy in the u. s. , so regardless of quality , we were going to get whatever studios served us .
and sure enough ,  "  little fockers  "  cooks up tired modern gags , basically forgetting that the last decade of comedy ( including its two predecessors ) ever existed and that we could be won over by open mentions of sex ( ooh ! ) and recycled dick drug gags .
i liked the one in which allen gamble describes his dark personality , gator , wanting to get out .
it would have been more exciting if the audience did n ' t expect them when they stepped into the theaters .
when allen and terry start working on a case they have a lead in , one they get to before other senior detectives do , a really interesting detective story progresses that would not feel out of place in dramas like  "  the french connection  "  ( 1971 ) or similar action / detective movies to that nature .  "  when you do a comedy , it does no good to reference comedies ,  "  writer and director adam mckay told entertainment
more than that , though , ferrell did n ' t get all the funny lines , which is the mistake that many buddy cop movies such as the recent  "  cop out  "  ( 2010 ) make .
his line about being a peacock may make afi  ' s most memorable movie quote list in the next few years , and the hot water his character got into in an incident involving derek jeter ( making a cameo as himself ) made the audience at my screening cheer .
predictable but not unwelcome addition to the focker family
how do you know if it stinks without seeing it ?
so i  ' m guessing i was the only person that actually thought the movie was funny ... ?
the acting was n ' t bad to be perfectly honest
i felt like the film did n ' t know what it wanted to be
i think it was a great ending to an everlasting trilogy .
i thought it was good , honestly , not really as great as the second film , but , kfp2 was a tough act to follow .
they  ' re all rather formulaic but damn it if i do n ' t have a really good time watching these movies .
not as dark as the previous kung fu panda , but still a pleasure to watch .
i think it was a great movie and a good modern twist on the classic .
i am not a purest , i was looking forward to this
this film , to me , was more like a terrible modern high school cliff - notes adaptation than a remake .
every  ' scare  '  in this film is the clich loud music and somebody jumping into frame .
why not just make a new sequel with a great script and high production value ?
i liked the one in which armour of god
a very good martial arts film with a few flaws
this is one of jackie chan  ' s best films
recommended mainly for jackie chan fans .
i think it was even better than the first hellboy . i loved prince nuada and also the relationship between nuala and abe .
del toro said that the third movie would require around 180 million dollars
the last one made around 160 total in theatres .
this film is not just about action , action , action
as good as the first hellboy !
i liked the one in which thor goes to ask loki to join his plot .
when loki showed how he truly felt and looked like that moment kicked me right in the feels
the acting was solid . the production value was superb .
those oil paintings during the end credits really did it for me .
all style , no substance
i think it was the best in the franchise .
an entertaining diversion , even if the series is no longer magical
in my opinion it peaked with the second movie .
i just want an actual ending to the series .
overall it is a very enjoyable ride that even though it does n ' t live quite up to the first two films .
my favorite character from the movie is willy wonka , mostly because of the actor who plays him and how he plays him in a way that alludes to his inner turmoil .
gene wilder
i liked the one in which we see the original bond car .
i loved the movie , however it did n ' t feel like a  ' bond film  '  to me .
die another day was almost a bond parody , but this one is simply a mess , & a betrayal of bond
thing for me ? i do n ' t understand that reference
i think it was a pretty good entry in the rocky series , not as good as the first film though .
sylvester stallone
carl weathers
my favorite character was adriana , her performance brought a beautiful spark to the film .
she is a gorgeous and very talented performer , one who might be truly aware of her standing , yet she does n ' t dwell on it .
the film is set in several time periods , and paris glows intensely and seductively in everyone of those .
one ca n ' t help being seduced , charmed , and inspired to find a way to show what a special place , and consequently what a truly magical film this might be .
a magical mystery tour de force
my favorite character was the killer .
still way better than all the post 2000 iterations
tng was actually directed by the dude that co - wrote the original with tobe hooper .
and it essentially killed the texas chainsaw massacre franchise until it was rebooted a decade later .
renee played a fine damsel in distress and mcconaughey was perfect as an insane cannibalistic psychopath . you can tell he was having fun with the part , and the fun he has is contagious sometimes especially knowing how huge he has become since . the movie itself is downright horrendous .
tackleberry because i liked him in all in all the movies
i think it was unexpectedly excellent , a great movie
bittersweet , emotionally uplifting and distinctly hilarious
i had my doubts that it would be anything outside of generic .
it works
acting wise , the film delivers in spades .
i think it was a fun movie .
that funny face she makes in one of the tv spots convinced me to watch this movie .
everyone i know says it  ' s worth seeing .
surprisingly funny and sharp
actually ... this one made me a little miffed
i like the one in which the penguins all joined as a family .
the characters felt more developed and they went through a more interesting journey .
however i have been astonished when i have seen rude comments on happy feet 2 .
some critics refused to look deeper because this is not their usual type of child animation film .
also , i think people are being too hypercritical because the first happy feet won the oscar .
i liked the one in which she got her makeover
fun & entertaining !
a surprise treat !
and maybe that sounds corny to all y ' all ( rustic expression ) but i know a lot of adults who could use lessons like these .
i think it was well done
this film is a real terrific family movie
is great in its entertainment , direction , romance , perfect acting , amazing direction and script .
there are so many cinderella movies that i could not keep track .
it is hard for me to see how some people defame walt disney because of envy .
my favorite caracter is the invisible girl .
he also directed the film chronicle , and i think that  ' s a great movie , with several characteristics that are actually similar to this film .
you hope and feel it will go somewhere , but in its hour and a half running time , it feels so empty .
fantastic flop
i really hope this movie does n ' t kill the career  ' s of the cast . they really are the only good thing about this movie .
my favorite character was jim carrey  - ace
100 laughs per hour , if you have a sense of humour ,
this is cheeseball comedy , but jim carrey makes it memorable .
is quite simply amazing , i never stopped laughing the whole way through the movie .
my favorite charcter was jerry lundegaard
indeed , the plot is similar to hamlet  ' s , in that they both have characters we root for who create zany plans than end up spinning wildly out of control into bloodshed .
i love fargo for its brilliant writing , its tragic musical score , its tragic plot , william h macy , harve presnell and steve buscemi , its ignorance of political correctness ( how many movies can you remember when the only two minority characters were both revealed to be creeps ) .
fargo is the ultimate coen brothers movie , a brilliant tragedy , and restores my faith in roger ebert as he places this movie in as his fourth favorite movie of the  ' 90s .
each murder scene is scored superbly , and other audio clues really add to the effect ( for instance , notice how when the police officer asks carl showalter  "  what  ' s this ?  "  in reference to the abductee , a disquieting guitar sound is immediately played that has an instantaneous psychological effect on how you interpret the scene ) .
obi - wan kenobi , because the spirit of obi - wan kenobi confirms that this other skywalker is luke  ' s twin sister , leia .
it has all the great qualities that the original star wars has : great effects ( at the time of its release ) , appealing characters , and lots of spellbinding action .
the performances are terrific , especially by harrison ford as han solo , and billy dee williams as lando calrissian .
all the fun of the original with a much better , darker plot
this is a truly wondrous film , and serves as a constant reminder that just because a movie is expensive and a blockbuster does n ' t mean that it has to be shallow and two dimensional .
i liked the one in which maria and the captain sing in the gazeebo .
the sound of music rules because it has everything .
well , i  ' ll tell you why it  ' s the best movie ever ( and i do n ' t agree that it  ' s too syrupy ) . it simply has everything one could want in a movie . first of all , it has a real romance
secondly , it has humor . not syrupy or corny humor , but very wry , dry tongue - in - cheek humor . for evidence , look at the quotes . baronness schraeder is especially well - done in this regard . her comments simply drip with ice .  "  good bye , maria . i  ' m sure you  ' ll make a fine nun .  "  you want to smack her .
thirdly , it  ' s got adventure . the nazis are the ultimate villains in any movie  -  wwii was as clear a case of good vs. evil as you can find , making it great fodder for films  -  and so it  ' s great to see maria , the captain and the kids outwit them . fourthly , it  ' s got great music . fifthy , it  ' s got great scenery . and the plot and dialogue are astounding .
i think is was exciting and full of action .
really enjoyed it , did a great job at expanding on the first movie , my high expectations were met .
this is a huge accomplishment for dreamworks animation , it might actually be its best animated feauture it yet .
the only thing i did n ' t love about it is that i felt the villain quite underdeveloped . otherwise , this movie was perfect .
genuinely superb and a step forward in 3d films
my favorite character was mia , beautifully portrayed by emma stone , she was a lovable character .
my god those last 15 minutes absolutely tugged my heart in all directions .
that bittersweet ending killed me : (
crazy , stupid , love was one of my favs .
it has been five days since i saw la la land and i am still thinking about it and singing the haunting refrain that plays with your soul .
i liked the one in which tackleberry meets mrs. feldman .
why so low ?
also where else can you go see sharon stone , david spade , and a speacial appearance by a young kid at the time named tony hawke .
it is also still highly entertaining and causes me to laugh often .
help it get out of the lowest 100 where other real horrible films belong .
when the girls get the guys to do sexual stuff on each other
why does everyone hate this so much ?
i  ' ll be first to admit that i hate teen comedies in general and typically frown upon most of them
they  ' re not awkward characterizations of real people without emotions
but that  ' s how guys are . it does n ' t exploit these elements as many teen sex comedies do
i liked the one in which his girlfriend is shot in the head while driving
lacks intelligence of all previous
more  "  where  ' s waldo  "  than jason bourne
i feel like jason bourne seriously needs more than 25 lines of dialogue .
not so much .
my favorite character was finnick . he was an amazing person who gave up his life to make sure katniss could kill snow .
i really enjoyed this series overall . loved how snow laughed in his last moments .
so captain phasma was it in for like 45 seconds , as was t - bag , and even remy danton had a tiny role . wasted actors .
i wish they had n ' t continued with the epilogue . it would  ' ve been really nice to end the movie on the last word .
re - title it to hunger games : almost everyone is dead .
i liked the one in which the history of freddy was told to the children .
would be an entertaining
and to my surprise , much more creative .
some things are more frightening if you do
my favorite character was the killer .
well said , rothman . whatever this movie is supposed to be , it fails on every level .
it  ' s not scary , it  ' s not disturbing , it  ' s not entertaining , it  ' s only funny periodically when you ca n ' t believe how stupid it is , and it essentially killed the texas chainsaw massacre franchise until it was rebooted a decade later .
the only reason anyone would have any inclination to watch this is because of its leads  -  renee zellweger and matthew mcconaughey  -  who were young and naive back then , but they did they best they could with the material they had . renee played a fine damsel in distress and mcconaughey was perfect as an insane cannibalistic psychopath .
has sunk to greater levels of incompetence here . it  ' s hard to call his posturing and screaming  ' acting  '  .
sam manages to rescue carly from dylan  ' s penthouse
amazing visual spectacle but tedious and full of
cade yeager is now one of the coolest fucking names i  ' ve ever heard .
would be a little better than  "  part i  "  or  "  part ii  "  even without
steve miner is obviously not in the same league as carpenter and craven , but what he does manage to do is make an effective sequel that is much scarier than the first and next to the final chapter , it is the best and scariest among all the fridays .
there are numerous times when the camera scans the for - ground and you are so sure that jason is going to show up , and then he does n ' t until whammo , someone loses an eye or their life .
suddenly she gets pulled into the water by a decaying mrs. voorhees ( whom has her head still intact ) .
i like the one in which the rainstorm starts .
no bombs , no car chases but edge of the seat stuff none the less
simple but great .
the film begins with the end of the trial .
i think it was a good movie . the ending was good but not what i was expecting .
i wish they had n ' t continued with the epilogue
i did n ' t expected it to be a great movie , just a good action one , and it failed
and with all that time strolling , you have no character development , for none of them , just a few moments that the movie is like  "  ok , from now on , that  ' s how things are  "  .
favorite scene : when coin gets killed .
i think it was a very funny and enjoyable movie .
adam mckay is not a household name yet , but movie buffs like me know that when he teams up with will ferrell , magic happens .
it combines action and comedy better than any similar comedy i have seen in a long time .
will ferrell is back !
i think it was a great bond movie .
i liked the one in which tackleberry meets mrs. feldman .
why is this movie rated so low ?
i admit that it is the fourth in the series and that is getting pretty ridiculous but this one has many memorable moments in it . also where else can you go see sharon stone , david spade , and a speacial appearance by a young kid at the time named tony hawke .
this is where you should stop watching the series however b / c they lose steve guttenburg and he is the only reason the series kept on for as long as it did .
i think it was interesting and different .
he tells the caller that he suffers from anterograde amnesia , a condition which makes him unable to create new memories
memento is one of those pictures that will have you sitting in the theater after the lights come up so you can talk to everyone else about what they thought of the movie .
the film is constructed and told in such a way that you are constantly put into the shoes of leonard shelby , beautifully played by guy pierce
i think it was hilarious .
anything that could strip sandford of its status as the nation  ' s best village is violently opposed : the solicitor and his girlfriend were murdered because their terrible acting brought ill repute to sandford  ' s theatre company , the businessman was murdered for owning a tacky home , the journalist for poor spelling , and the horticulturalist for even thinking about moving away .
the humor , pegg and frost  ' s chemistry , the action , the editing , and the direction it  ' s just all awesome !
i liked the one in which sam explained that everyone watched everyone on the floor of the casino to make sure that they run smoothly .
along with mean streets casino is probably scorsese  ' s most underrated and unheralded picture .
the art direction is splendid , most likely the best of any film scorsese has ever done . the acting is superb .
this is the most honest depiction of las vegas , especially of the time period it was portrayed in . scorsese  ' s direction is flawless .
my favorite character was mercutio . he was very charasmatic and interesting .
it  ' s a goofy , simple and hilairous movie about a gun deal going bad . everything i expected it to be . all the acting was top notch .
my friend and i went in a little high and enjoyed this movie so fucking much .
shakespeare worthy
i think it was a fun movie .
why did this movie get made ?
so , after the post credits it says spider - man will be back ... and then shows sony and colombia house logo ... so that  ' s it for spidey in the mcu ?
the amazingly unnecessary spider - man
i liked the one in which the girl is turned into a vampire
agreed . a fantastic love story .
it does n ' t feel like a thriller , it feels like literature .
it is all in the acting . even if the producers find two amazing young actors , the odds against recapturing the brilliant , melancholy chemistry are astronomical .
an odd mixture : a deeply personal impersonal movie
hugo is a beautifully made movie with great 3d effects .
when everything is said and done hugo reveals itself as nothing but a cleverly disguised homage to one of the french pioneering movie directors , a subject interesting primarily for the movie history buffs .
every poster tells you that some narnia type adventure is awaiting you .
i think it was awesome to watch . a feel - good movie that if you  ' re into boxing you can watch .
ron howard has made of the real life of depression - era prize - fighter james j. braddock a work of art . the camera work is phenomenal .
was expecting another retelling / twist type story but i was pleasantly surprised
it is a great movie , with authentic heart .
my favorite character was loki because he was the most exciting and complex character in the movie . he did n ' t have to choose a side or follow anyone  ' s rules .
darcy lewis , now with her own intern , ian , takes jane to an abandoned factory where objects have begun to disobey the laws of physics and disappear into thin air .
moreover , it was lazy writing  -  whenever an absolute miracle needed to happen , it conveniently did , every time .
even more shallow than the first .
i think it was entertaining but did not like seeing jennifer garner so much
they both deserve enormous accolades , golden globe and ampas - worthy , for these transformations and the effort of their craft .
bravo to the producers of this movie for giving this project the greenlight , because the sexually - active youth of today would never know the plague and tragedy that preceded their coming - of - age without a reminder like this .
it is a compelling character study of a time of crisis that has not been well - captured or documented adequately in quite some time .
my favorite character was the lead character
did n ' t expect it to get such negative reviews . it definitely was all over the place story wise but it had it  ' s moments .
i thought it was pretty funny . it  ' s not the funniest film i  ' ve ever seen but it was fun and the cast was great .
rt is up to 15 % have some god damn respek
i liked the one in which they were sleeping in the tent , only to wake up and see the witch had left a lot of icons .
they really should have done more with the rock piles and voodoo figures .
what is implied becomes a hundred times scarier than anything offered up by hollywood in the last 30 years .
tense , unsettling , original , intelligent ,
my favorite character was will as he a genius .
i also liked to watch how will behaved around his buddies ; the four guys really seemed as if they had known each other all their lives .
personally , i thought the plot was an excellent idea  -  maybe someone else could have thought of it , but could they have provided the great script ?
i very very rarely cry at movies . but if there  ' s any scene that will have me in tears , it  ' s the one where will finally breaks down and starts to cry . that  ' s saying something !
i liked the one in which bourne has settled down and found some peace in his new life in the opening of the film .
that freaks them out as they immediately look out the windows to try and pick up on where he is .
the acting was close to brilliant in my opinion .
there was applause in the theater at my viewing on opening weekend . so well done .
my favorite character is doc .
... how could anything be more fun than this ?
i first saw this film when i was six years old , and it is the only movie that i know of that i do n ' t think i could ever get sick of .
i have never found a movie other than this one that provides such a huge dose of great fun , and it has the desirable quality where you are able to see something new each time you see it .
i think it was very entertaining and a good family movie .
i agree it  ' s fun , but it drags a little long at the end .
the first one was great . then the sequels ruined the series .
i  ' ll agree that geoffrey rush is phenomenal in the role .
my favorite character was frank booth  "  the well dressed man .  "  dennis hopper was a great actor in bizarre roles such as this .
david lynch
i liked the one in which susan sees a strange man on the subway platform , but he turns out to be a giant insect who unfolds wings and grabs her .
love movies where not even the kids are safe . really adds that next level danger and urgency .
the biggest asset is the production design . mimic has a delicious horror atmosphere that you could cut with a knife .
but almost every shot in the film has a similar effect . gloom , decay and disturbing , unidentifiable biological masses are the visual themes . the creature designs are fantastic , with the  "  mimicking  "  design being the most impressive .
i liked the one in which armour of god
a very good martial arts film with a few flaws .
a good display of his acrobatics and fight skills
my favorite character was lex luthor .
most noticeable , and much to the chagrin of many people , is the slightly more comedic tone of the film , centered mainly around richard pryor  ' s character , august  ' gus  '  gorman .
i thought prior was great .
i  ' m pretty sure gus gorman also managed to ski down the side of a skyscraper in this film too .
i liked the one in which the mummy is revived all juicy and is in the hotel room about to finish off the guy with the missing eyes .
here , the makers took the original stock horror film and turned it into an indianajonesesque adventure in the tradition of raiders of the lost ark .
especially tantalizing is the strictly painted - on attire of patricia velazquez as anck - su - namum ; what a stunning visual ; but it completely upstages her performance .
great fun in the vein of  "  indiana jones  "  ...
i like the one in which the main character  ' s jet was shot down in the beginning of the movie .
at work greg gets a visit from andi garcia ( jessica alba ) , a former nurse , now working with a company that makes a male enhancement drug called sustengo .
objectively it  ' s a terrible movie , but i laughed my ass off .
i guess it  ' s hard to live your pretentious life from up there .
i think it was a little morbid , but thought provoking .
espsito  ' s rivaling partner romano pins the murder on two immigrant workers so as to get rid of the matter  -  an issue that enrages espsito , who attacks romano in a fury .
nothing to envy from hollywood upper class .
this crossover from genres by campanella could n ' t have been better .
i liked the one in which she got her makeover
this is not a movie for little girls dressed in tutus who want to be princesses when they grow up
mia tackles with the pressures of ruling a country .
the plot is fairy tale in nature : mia is a social misfit with terrible hair and no self - confidence .
i think it was a great ending to an everlasting trilogy .
such a beautiful film . not as dark as the previous kung fu panda , but still a pleasure to watch .
awesomeness achieved .
a quality family film for all families .
i think it was a strong adaptation of the novel given the era .
a groundbreaking , heart stomping , dino sized film .
from beginning to end , jurassic park bedazzled us with dinosaurs . dinosaurs that are extinct .
ca n ' t wait for the sequel  "  the lost park : jurassic world  " 
my favourite character was the one played by jason biggs
american pie 2  "  is somewhat recycled and some people may find it one of those  "  pointless  "  sequels , but i liked it , and this is coming from a guy who typically loathes these films  -  so considering i  ' m giving this seven stars , that says quite a lot .
either i  ' m out of my mind or there  ' s something about these films that  ' s just more accessible and likable than others in their genre .
the characters are given more room to develop and believe it or not , i think i like this better than the first film .
i think it was a great movie .
i figured this would be an entertaining remake if nothing else , i was wrong . dead wrong .
there was a much richer mysterious element to the original film and to my surprise , much more creative . i thought the kills and nightmare sequences would be vastly improved upon , but alas , gigabytes , greenscreens and cgi can not compete with hands - on creativity .
known personalities such as pinhead and freddy krueger are robert englund and doug bradley with prosthetics . robert englund brought us a believably creepy and demented sadistic killer where jackie looked and acted like a pedophile . there were a handful of lines i enjoyed such as the  ' body dying but brain living on  '  speech , but the rest seemed like plagiarized , recycled and poorly delivered lines selectively stolen from all the nightmare films .
i liked the one in which gil and adriana go back in time to the  "  belle epoque .  " 
in the case of this marvelous movie , its impact is fully realized , as we see our protagonist suddenly realize that he has the opportunity to face that which he truly admires , treasures , and dreams about .
she understands it  ' s special , maybe from an aristocrat  ' s point of view .
allen  ' s dreams are magical
i liked the one in which bruce & alfred find out the riddler  ' s identity that was kept secret .
this movie is the biggest meme i have ever seen . i love every second of it .
not as good as batman and batman returns , but it  ' s still a good movie
holy unsatisfying ending !  "  that was it for me .
my favorite character was jason vorhees .
it was n ' t ... simply the debut of him killing people . he left that to his mom in part one ! steve miner did n ' t mess around too much with sean cunninham  ' s successful formula simply adding some quite inventive kills and bloodletting .
no - one could be accused of using method - acting here , truth is its all pretty embarrassing .
simple horror at its best .
i liked the one in which amadeus composed in his bed , even though he was sick .
amadeus is an extremely well written story , covering the last ten years of mozart  ' s massively prolific yet unusual life .
history is only seen by us in fragments , be they documents or eye witness accounts .
a rare masterpiece .
my favorite character was jim carrey  - ace
ace drives to finkle  ' s childhood home and finds it covered in graffiti and damage from the still - bitter townsfolk .
jim carrey is quite simply amazing , i never stopped laughing the whole way through the movie .
100 laughs per hour , if you have a sense of humour , then this movie is for you !
my favorite character was paulie .
rocky 2 is like the best one .
because it maintains the focus of the first film , and continues the story rather well .
most people seem to forget that stallone is almost solely responsible for the entire success of  ' rocky  '  as a whole . he came up with the idea , wrote a script , fought to get it made , fought to become the leading star , and literally fought to get in shape .
i think it was a fun and cute movie .
croft then finds herself in a strange alternate existence facing her father .
the female indiana jones .
tomb raider  "  is a harmless diversion that should please its core audience .
my favorite character was celine because she was very likable and seemed truly in love .
so little time , so much love .
the dialogue is amazing , the acting is spot - on ; this is a great film .
the only problem ...
i think it was awesome .
the first is when renai hears a voice on the baby monitor which shouts  "  i want it now !  "  , a bloody hand - print on dalton  ' s bed and a strange but frightening man in her infant daughter  ' s bedroom .
and the movie constantly feeds that tension , making even the characters  '  mundane family life somehow seem utterly terrifying .
i just adore this movie , its the first one to scare me in a very long time and even repeat watches make me jump !
i think it was very good , very family friendly , good comedy , with little upsetting violence .
i just recently watched it for the first time too . it was fantastic . just watched pulp fiction as well , which was equally as good .
despite his limited acting ability , wrestler andre the giant is perfect for the role of fezzik , and something would be lost with any other actor in his place . and of course , wallace shawn is endlessly amusing to watch as the diminutive , perpetually exasperated vezzini .
the arrogance , callousness , and sliminess are readily apparent in their facial and bodily expressions .
my favorite character was spock because he  ' s delightfully snarky .
chang is still able to lay the conduct of the two assassins on kirk , saying , as captain , he is responsible for the conduct of the crew under his command
the original cast is in fine form , all of them giving their all
the best of the bunch with the original cast . a great send - off !
i think it was a pretty funny funny movie . jim carrey is a great actor
the mask wraps around his head , transforming him into a wackily - suited , green - headed , figure ,  "  the mask  "  , a trickster with reality - bending powers , physical imperviousness and without personal inhibitions who exacts comical revenge on some of stanley  ' s tormentors and scares a street gang that attempts to mug him .
the subtext about identity and public faces versus private selves is interesting , but not the focus
many aspects of the mask differed from the comic book source material , but this is a case where the changes led to such an excellent result that most people have forgotten about the source material and primarily remember carrey  ' s performance in this film as definitive .
i liked the one in which pesci becomes tired when beating a guy up in an alley .
i never thought pesci would be able to top his dynamic performance in raging bull until i saw casino .
every time i watch this picture i fall in love with it all over again . this is the most honest depiction of las vegas , especially of the time period it was portrayed in .
ultimately , the genius of scorsese is not just in the mastery of the medium , but in the understanding and appreciation for the necessity of great collaborators on all levels that scorsese has consistently utilized throughout his career .
i think it was based on romanticism and fantasy
this is the same writer that gave us
game changer in the
an excellent adaptation
in mcgregor ... the film has an actor whose magnetism monopolizes our attention no matter what
one of the best films of the 1990s .
what else would you expect a film about drug addiction to be about ?
this film is in my opinion a work of genius , that represents the book accurately .
my favorite character was the lead character who died of aids
disgusted by their behavior , miller approaches beckett and reviews the material he has gathered .
his appearance in the film encapsulates the reality of the aids epidemic , in that it often touched our lives in unexpected places .
his appearance in the film encapsulates the reality of the aids epidemic , in that it often touched our lives in unexpected places .
i think it was a really great modern retelling of romeo and juliet .
street brawl fired by the feud between the montague and capulet families
tybalt , juliet  ' s cousin challenges romeo to a duel on discovering that he had sneaked into the ball .
any fans of shakespeare should leave the cinema pleased with this mordernised version .
i think it was well done
to ella  ' s great surprise , the old lady transforms into a shimmering fairy and introduces herself as ella  ' s fairy godmother ( helena bonham carter ) .
this film is a real terrific family movie you must all see whether you are children or adults .
i liked the one in which allen gamble describes his dark personality , gator , wanting to get out .
while transporting ershon back to the station , gamble has an accident with some very suspicious people who then steal gamble  ' s prius and kidnap ershon .
it would have been more exciting if the audience did n ' t expect them when they stepped into the theaters .
in a year of mediocre ( non - animated ) comedies ,  "  the other guys  "  lives up to its hype .
my favorite character was teddy .
an unforgettable trip into the mind of a man with no memory
this is a highly intelligent and original brain teaser that will have you guessing from beginning to end , and even afterwards . the story and the direction are the best i  ' ve seen so far this year , and it deserves all the kudos it gets .
the film is constructed and told in such a way that you are constantly put into the shoes of leonard shelby , beautifully played by guy pierce . carrie - ann moss gives an equally mysterious and complex performance .
my favorite character was dorothy , because i thought that she was played brilliantly by isabella rosselini .
upon frank  ' s opening the closet door , jeffrey shoots him point - blank in the forehead with det .
lynch has said in interviews that he thinks of the image first then works it into the movie .
i loved it from beginning to end . one of my favorite films of all time .
my favourite character was the queen
fun & entertaining !
mia tackles with the pressures of ruling a country . but for my money the best part of this movie is the love story . no , not mia and the uniquely attractive rocker ( although , that is great ) .
it  ' s about smushing an ice cream cone on the blouse of a bitchy cheerleader who deserves it . and maybe that sounds corny to all y ' all ( rustic expression ) but i know a lot of adults who could use lessons like these .
i liked the one in which the history of freddy was told to the children .
there were a handful of lines i enjoyed such as the  ' body dying but brain living on  '  speech , but the rest seemed like plagiarized , recycled and poorly delivered lines selectively stolen from all the nightmare films . ( ex . robert  ' s  "  your eyes say no , no , but your body says yes , yes .  "  from freddy vs. jason )
the new  ' nancy in the bathtub  '  scene was a boring cop - out and seemed more or less to be suggesting that it could be frightening .
this film , to me , was more like a terrible modern high school cliff - notes adaptation than a remake . it brought nothing new to the table and improved on nothing .
one of the most complex and visually interesting science fiction movies in a long time .
while the action is n ' t as explosive as many schwarzenegger films , the suspense never resolves until the end .
on the way to work he sees an advertisement on the subway tv for rekall , inc. , a facility that implants fake memories of ideal vacations .
certainly one of arnie  ' s best ever movies .
my favorite character was hiccup .
really enjoyed it , did a great job at expanding on the first movie , my high expectations were met .
the 3d is amazing and at times breathtaking . i may of had the most fun that i  ' ve ever had in cinema watching how to train your dragon .
the script is really good and is has a lot of dramatic depth . this movie is for everyone . adults and kids will enjoy it equally and will love it at the end .
one of the most breathtaking animated films of all time .
favourite character was jessica because she was so relatable
i thought it was too predictable , but a good movie nonetheless .
this is what movies should always be .
her widowed husband
gmez remains at large due to a careless phone call made earlier by morales
my favorite character was jason bourne
the film starts with a brief recap of david webb ( matt damon ) when he first joined treadstone , going into his training to become an assassin and into his new life as the jason bourne .
after exposing blackbriar ( in  ' the bourne ultimatum  '  ) , bourne has been hiding out in greece for the past eight years .
one man he takes on gets knocked out in one punch .
tommy lee jones delivers possibly the most superficial performance of his excellent career and the money he was offered can not begin to make up for the indignity of the closeups .
i like the one in which mcclane and zeus are speeding through the central park to make it to the subway station phone on time .
though mcclane manages to get aboard the train , identify the bomb , and throw it off the train car , simon still ignites the bomb , ravaging much of the station but without any fatalities thanks to mcclane and carver .
the buddy action film has never been better .
they have remarkable chemistry and the characters that scriptwriter jonathan hensleigh has drawn enable both deep tension and hilarious comic moments between the two .
that  ' s all the film needs to succeed as well as it does .
i liked the one in which susan sees a strange man on the subway platform , but he turns out to be a giant insect who unfolds wings and grabs her .
of course it  ' s easy to achieve cringe - worthy moments when the screen is filled with bugs and characters are crawling down ( and in some cases living in ) dingy subway tunnels , but almost every shot in the film has a similar effect . gloom , decay and disturbing , unidentifiable biological masses are the visual themes .
the biggest asset is the production design . mimic has a delicious horror atmosphere that you could cut with a knife
he catches first one , then the
the kids are safe . really adds that next level danger and urgency .
i think it was very intense .
he sees the shadow of feet under his door , but then the hall lights go dark .
i enjoy movies that make you think and use symbolism .
coens firing on all cylinders . brilliant .
great acting , cinematography , pace ... the works
never watched it .
exciting recapitulation of the millennium trilogy .
the millennium team work to find out more about the section , but find it difficult since many of the politicians and spo workers would have leaked information about it in their autobiographies .
mikael then convinces him to sneak in her internet phone into the hospital .
the final movie covering stieg larssons millennium trilogy ties all the pieces together and explains the deeper reasons for lisbeth salanders unreasonable treatment by society .
never watched it .
so what you are saying then is that the other 2 books in the series are pretty much limbers then and really not worth reading ?
if you have already followed salander and blomkvist during the previous books / movies , you will surely enjoy watching how the conspiracy is being unraveled through intense investigations and court trials .
experience how the opposition crumble beneath salander and blomkvists combined efforts at exposing and confronting the deeper reasons for salanders struggles , and how they piece the puzzle together to clear her name and taking down the shady factions of society .
leave the cinema with a feeling of wanting to know much more about how the initial conspiracy evolved and how parts of the investigation ( not involving the key characters ) is carried out .
i think it was very entertaining and a good family movie .
jack sparrow himself being such a confusingly lovable character made that movie wonderful .
jack agrees only after learning will  ' s last name is turner .
i  ' ll agree that geoffrey rush is phenomenal in the role .
i love the black pearl  -  best pirate movie of all time .
my favorite character was elliot ness . kevin costner did an awesome job portraying such an interesting character .
sean connery
reluctant at first , malone urges ness to become as ruthless as the gangsters he wants to take down :  "  he pulls a knife , you pull a gun .
there is genuine emotion and real story in this film .
brian de palma  ' s masterpiece .
my favorite character was spock because he  ' s delightfully snarky .
the klingons themselves seem particularly fond of shakespeare ; their philosophical arguments about the peace accords are laced with shakespearean thought .
at one point chang announces that his people need  "  breathing room  "  , whereupon kirk mentions that the same thought was expressed by adolf hitler in 1939 .
azetbur speaks of the federation being a  "  homo - sapiens - only  "  club , despite spock  ' s presence .
the journey that began on the small screen in 1967 comes to its end on the big screen in 1991 , after three tv seasons , six films , and the creation of a cultural phenomenon unrivaled in the history of television .
lining up for the body count
i would simply say that there were developments in predators that present some exciting opportunities for future films .
royce booby - traps edwin  ' s body with grenades , using him as bait to disorient the
the overall plot is n ' t new , but at least it  ' s not stupid .
great mix of old and new
i think it was an excellent film about the beginnings of the sports book in vegas .
an underrated and undervalued scorsese classic
i never thought pesci would be able to top his dynamic performance in raging bull until i saw casino .
asks ace for $ 25,000 and gets defensive when ace asks why
every time i watch this picture i fall in love with it all over again .
its good to the film grossed between $ 475 million and $ 572 million worldwide .
the best film in the original trilogy .
all the fun of the original with a much better , darker plot
in captivity , han is tortured to lure luke to the city .
it  ' s not the darkest of the trilogy  -  it  ' s the most mature .
i think it  ' s one of the best mob movies ever made .
prohibition in the united states has led to an organized crime wave in the 1920s and early 1930s . various gangs bootleg vast amounts of alcohol and control their businesses with violence and extortion .
the untouchables  "  is in my opinion de palma  ' s greatest work , with his other masterpiece , namely  "  scarface  "  , coming a very close second .
the acting is superb , and while connery was the one who received his well - deserved oscar , kostner and de niro made oscar - class performances too .
although belonging to a typical genre , this film certainly stands out .
my favorite character was ashley , played by laura gordon , such an underdeveloped and underappreciated character in the movie .
not enough for anyone else , but fans should enjoy it for the most part .
they  ' ve never been bulletproof films ( and thrillers are the genre that are hardest to bulletproof ) , but i  ' d say saw v is definitely the stumble .
the saw films have demonstrated an unfeasibly high success rate over time in terms of pulling off twist after twist and having them nearly all hit home .
i think it was a good twist on a vampire movie .
is , at its heart , a sweet coming - of - age story which is so unique and different that it simply defies categorization .
brilliantly original work of art , both horrifying and tender .
oskar , who was in the apartment waiting for eli to wake up , screams
after feeding , eli thanks oskar , but informs him that she must go away
i think it was one of the best and thrilling but i thought it was also corny in some ways as well .
i actually think i like predator 2 just as much , if not more than the original predator .
they do a much better job developing and explaining the predator . this is n ' t just a crazy beast that kills things left and right . this is an intelligent being that is looking for a good hunt .
the doctor determines that the metal is n ' t found on the periodic table of elements
i always thought predator 2 was a classic .
my favorite character was james , as his drive and determination for his family reminds me of my grandfather .
but the kids need a dad , the rent has to get paid and the money from boxing dried up along time ago .
braddock is one of those hungry fighters who astonishes everyone by winning the fight
the story takes place in new york and new jersey during the great depression , a time when people experienced the worst economic hardship in u. s. history .
was expecting another retelling / twist type story but i was pleasantly surprised how by the book that was ... me and my son enjoyed it very much .
i liked the one in which the true love kissed happened
prince phillip , who remembers meeting aurora and is recruited to provide  "  true love  ' s kiss  "  to save her .
this film is a true fairy tale . it  ' s dark . it  ' s raw . and it  ' s written from the dark , raw experience of women
woolverton and jolie have crafted a masterpiece
i thought it was great , loved the outfits , makeup , and it had beautiful scenery .
i liked the one in which mia and bryan are playing with their child on the beach at the end of the movie .
the ending was a perfect balance of staying in character and breaking the fourth wall .
the sad death of actor paul walker  ' s brings a gravity to the story which the screenplay could have never generated by itself .
walker  ' s
a solid tribute / final chapter in case they decide to stop here .
my favorite character was hiccup .
inadvertently takes hiccup for a ride , giving him a clear idea of what  ' s needed to help the dragon fly right .
hiccup builds and perfects a saddle , a control mechanism for the tail fin , and a safety harness .
otherwise , this movie was perfect .
on almost every level . beautifully written , designed and executed .
i think it was overrated .
like office space with a super hero .
superman begins to question his own self - worth , and , as the tar - laced kryptonite takes effect , he becomes depressed , angry , and casually destructive , committing petty acts of vandalism such as blowing out the olympic flame , straightening the leaning tower of pisa and ripping open the hull of an oil tanker , causing the contents to spill into the sea .
listening to the  "  how did this get made  "  podcast on superman iii is a must .
a good saturday afternoon film .
i think it was a good film , lots of interesting moments
surreal pursuit ensues in which gmez nearly vanishes
ultimately knocked down in the middle of the pitch .
a plot that moves steadily forward , gathering force , substance and intensity , not
this is what movies should always be
i liked the one in which he sits on the tallest building with his suit on .
however , i saw the movie with a six - year - old , who found the villainous green goblin  -  -  superbly personified by willem dafoe  -  -  very , very frightening , so i would advise against taking children younger than 10 years of age to this movie .
when peter arrives to dinner with fresh blood from the cut on his sleeve , norman realizes peter is spider - man and hastily leaves .
especially good were rosemary harris and cliff robertson as aunt may and uncle ben parker , willem dafoe as norman osborn / the green goblin , james franco as harry osborn , and kirsten dunst as mary jane watson .
 "  the amazing spider - man  "  comic book was a childhood favorite of mine , and i can honestly say that sam raimi has done it justice !
i liked the one in which miller overcomes his fear of homosexuals . he  ' s able to approach and touch beckett during his hospital visit to see beckett
miller , who is admittedly homophobic and knows little about beckett  ' s aids , initially declines to take the case and immediately visits his doctor to find out if he could have contracted the aids through shaking beckett  ' s hand .
the doctor then offers to take a sample of miller  ' s blood , suspecting that miller was asking about aids because he suspected he had contracted it and was trying to hide it .
philadelphia is a truly amazing movie and a touching story .
his oscar was well - deserved and the movie was amazingly ground - breaking .
my favorite character was prince nuada because he was more an antihero than a villain . he had good reasons for most of his actions .
abe gives nuada the last crown piece in hope of freeing nuala , but the prince betrays them and awakens the golden army .
hellboy then comes up with an idea ; he challenges prince nuada for the right to command the army .
as they fight , nuala feels the wounds that hellboy inflicts upon her brother .
i would personally go as far as calling  "  hellboy ii : the golden army  "  one of the top five or so comic book movies ever made .
i liked the one in which the baby toys were playing by themselves .
lorraine shows them pictures from josh  ' s childhood , revealing a shadowy old woman ( the same woman from the beginning of the film ) behind him .
the more photographs taken of josh , the closer the shadowy woman begins to get to josh until she is inches away from him , explaining his fear of photos .
i rarely get creeped out at the theater , and this movie scared the crap out of me .
scariest movie i  ' ve seen in years !
my favorite character was loki because he was the most exciting and complex character in the movie . he did n ' t have to choose a side or follow anyone  ' s rules .
following loki  ' s apparent death , thor and jane discover another portal in a nearby cave and reunite with jane  ' s mentor dr. erik selvig , darcy and ian in london .
thor battles malekith , but a portal separates them , leaving malekith unopposed .
as he leaves , odin  ' s form transforms to that of a grinning loki .
loud , obnoxious and all over the place .
i think it was funny
the meeting goes badly when the mask  ' s advances scare tina away and lt. kellaway arrives and attempts to arrest him .
the mask toys with the enraged officer before zooming out of the park and tricking a large group of edge city police officers into joining him in a mass - performance production of the song cuban pete .
the story is really catching and jim carry is simply fabulous .
the mask is undoubtedly one of my most favorite comedies and it has a steady place on my video shelf .
my favorite character was james bond as he is the center of these films .
bond runs after the departing train , managing to latch onto the last car just in the nick of time .
claiming to be from health and safety , bond gets the operator to open the door and let him on .
a big letdown after casino royale and qos .
i loved the movie , however it did n ' t feel like a  ' bond film  '  to me .
i think it was a very funny and enjoyable movie .
they then meet ershon at the
gamble arrests ershon but fails to read his miranda rights properly .
the dry humor was tremendous and the chemistry between marky mark and will ferrell is unmatched .
the other guys  "  soars , & will ferrell is finally funny again .
my favorite character was mercutio . he was very charasmatic and interesting .
when mercutio is wounded in the duel , romeo slays tybalt and is exiled for the latter  ' s death .
juliet  ' s grief is worsened when lord capulet makes plans for her wedding with count paris .
the plan they come up with is that juliet would consume a drug that would take her into a coma for nearly two days .
beautiful modernization of shakespeare  ' s classic play
my favorite character was sweetchuck because i loved the interaction between him and zed .
zed to replace harris  ' s
harris is seen wearing a medical device suspending his arms in the air .
it  ' s not a good movie , but it  ' s a good police academy movie !
my favorite character was jack sparrow
johnny depp was hilarious a jack sparrow , and acted like a true pirate .
his obsessive drinking antics , and his walk really brought out this chaqracter .
he made character we could all love and enjoy , that deserves an oscar in my view .
i love the black pearl  -  best pirate movie of all time .
i think it was a great movie and a good modern twist on the classic .
dean russell ( kellan lutz ) falls asleep at the table and meets a man covered in burn scars , wearing a red and green sweater and a clawed glove on his hand .
in reality it appears that dean is cutting his own throat as friend and waitress nancy holbrook ( rooney mara ) looks on with kris .
shows up at her house to keep her company while she sleeps , but kris meets the burned man in her dreams and she too is murdered .
jesse is apprehended by the police under suspicion of murdering kris , and he is killed by freddy when he falls asleep in his jail cell .
obi - wan kenobi , because the spirit of obi - wan kenobi confirms that this other skywalker is luke  ' s twin sister , leia .
he pleads for help from ben , but the old jedi knight will not appear .
after the surprise attack on the rebel base , luke skywalker splits with han , leia , et al . han  ' s party gets away first ( is it just me , or is the shot of luke watching the falcon flying off while he stands stranded on the ground , a poignant one ? )
thereafter they face one narrow escape after another , while luke slinks off quietly and safely to train with yoda .
all the fun of the original with a much better , darker plot .
i liked the one in which bruce & alfred find out the riddler  ' s identity that was kept secret .
a romance develops between the two , as chase desires both bruce and batman , unaware that they are the same person .
he asks her to the charity circus that he is invited to with the other elite of gotham .
the event is crashed when two face and his thugs also decide to attend uninvited .
the biggest crime in gotham was how joel rebuilt the city . he demolished burton  ' s gothic atmosphere and added colored lights and large bronze statues to turn the desolate wasteland of a city into a sparkling las vegas wonderland .
i think it was overrated .
lana is a divorcee with a young son named ricky ( paul kaethler ) .
clark and lana begin to share affection for each other , though lana  ' s former boyfriend brad ( gavan o ' herlihy ) , clark  ' s childhood bully and now an alcoholic security guard , is still vying for her attention .
i will admit that when compared to the first two films , this is obviously inferior . but still , it  ' s not all that bad .
not that bad of a sequel .
i think it was fantastic .
the rest of the fellowship are attacked by uruk - hai , larger and stronger orcs that can withstand sunlight .
merry and pippin , realizing that frodo is leaving , distract the orcs , allowing frodo to escape .
a stellar cast giving some of their best performances , visuals that deliver beyond what i imagined , a perfect mix of humor , passion & tragedy , and a feeling of grandeur , scope & impending doom .
one of the greatest films of all time .
i liked the one in which the team getm there powers
the casting was awful ( none of the characters matched their comic counter part .
they were all too young so of course reed richards did n ' t have gray streaks , who thought it would be a good idea to make a tiny guy the thing ?
was it really necessary to make the storm family have a  "  modern home  "  ? that  ' s more of a story that would fit in the x - men ) , the origins dragged on for too long , and their origin was n ' t even the same !
as a comic book fan i felt like josh trank just slapped me in the face by using so very little of the actual comics .
i think it was a little morbid , but thought provoking .
espsito vows to find the killer and bring him to justice .
he is aided by his alcoholic assistent pablo sandoval and a newcomer , the upper class lawyer irene menndez - hastings , who takes over as department chief .
romano pins the murder on two immigrant workers so as to get rid of the matter  -  an issue that enrages espsito , who attacks romano in a fury .
it  ' s one of the best films i  ' ve ever seen , as good as anything out there .
my favorite character was the mask , definitely , because of carrey  ' s brilliant physical comedy .
the mask toys with the enraged officer before zooming out of the park and tricking a large group of edge city police officers into joining him in a mass - performance production of the song cuban pete .
this movie was incredible . cast , story , music , camera work
the mask is undoubtedly one of my most favorite comedies and it has a steady place on my video shelf .
one of the greatest comedies i have ever seen .
my favorite character was sweetchuck because i loved the interaction between him and zed .
you can always tell when the actors are having a good time , and it always makes the movie better , which is good because this movie needs a lot of help !
none less than sharon stone , david spade in his first film , and tony hawk in an early stunt - skateboarding role !
the screenwriters are not scoring many points in this one
it  ' s not a good movie , but it  ' s a good police academy movie !
i think it was an interesting concept to show it in real time but it was kind of slow .
the movie is just breathing , its a three hours of fresh air !
well , i went in expecting a masterpiece and i came out having watched a masterpiece .
it was like ... about me ... i just could not imagine how much we are all the same ... just love it ! if i look at my childhood in the former ussr i see not much difference , the cars and houses are different , we spoke russian , but that feeling , that pulse of life , that sometimes  "  lost  "  fathers and mothers to solve every day problems , fighting for the existence and good
first time my mother ever cried in a cinema .
i think it was based on romanticism and fantasy
this film is a true fairy tale . it  ' s dark . it  ' s raw . and it  ' s written from the dark , raw experience of women .
the thief , a human boy called stefan , returns the jewel he had taken and explains that he is an orphan with no real home . maleficent forgives him and the two strike up a friendship that lasts for several years .
good casting but an absolute mess of a script .
i just can not believe this is the same writer that gave us *beauty and the beast* !
i liked the on in which he shoots his gun in the air and says  ' ahhh .  " 
saw this last night at a special screening followed by a q & a with simon pegg and nick frost .
the humor , pegg and frost  ' s chemistry , the action , the editing , and the direction it  ' s just all awesome !
this film works both as an out - and - out comedy but also as a high paced action film and also manages to showcase the directing talents of edgar wright
the first half is a gentle build up but is generally and genuinely amusing , but once we put the pedal to the floor for the second half the pace is relentless .
i think it was the best in the franchise .
for what it  ' s worth , this instalment is better than the last but fails to hold a candle to shrek 2 and pales to the point of apparition when compared to the original .
the characters that populate the  "  shrek  "  universe remain as endearing as ever in principle , but after four movies there is little that can be done to keep them animated , so to speak .
did n ' t capture the magic of the first two . but better than the 3rd installment .
things do n ' t turn out nearly as he imagined and shrek must fulfil a loophole in the contract to turn things back to the way they were .
i think the movie was a wonderful cinematic experience for his time .
most excellent works in the arts are seen and enjoyed at a variety of  "  levels .  "  that is true of this movie in general and of gene wilder in specific .
wilder has been known in the circles of movie creators as a creative genius for many years . here , his acting ability showcases that genius . to be sure , at the level of good fun for kids and moms and dads , he comes through .
the stage play more or less confirms this .
in this movie , gene wilder  ' s almost imperceptible nuances speak volumes .
i liked the one in which isabella rossellini seduced kyle machlachan
jeffrey beaumont ( kyle maclachlan ) is the boy who finds the ear
sandy williams ( laura dern ) is the blonde policeman  ' s daughter who assists jeffrey when he decides to investigate the truth about his disturbing discovery . sandy and jeffrey link the ear to night club singer dorothy vallens ( isabella rossellini ) and later , a deranged man named frank booth ( dennis hopper ) .
the acting is top - notch . maclachlan is just right as the lost innocent jeffrey , and hopper shreds the screen as his depraved counterpoint frank . rossellini  ' s performance as dorothy is devastating and extremely courageous : this is her defining moment as an actress .
strange , beautiful american classic .
i like the one in which the main character  ' s jet was shot down in the beginning of the movie .
greg shows up and the family is reunited . when he tries to apologize to jack for arguing with him the night before , jack punches greg and the two start fighting .
the familiarity we have with greg and jack helps create that humor and some clever jokes actually do exist , but the script leans on typical  "  misunderstanding  "  plot devices , most of which were ironically used most effectively in  "  meet the parents  "  and  "  meet the fockers .  " 
attempted jokes such as young henry randomly asking if girls poop from their vaginas at the dinner table , could have been replaced with something more thoughtful  -  -  and tasteful .
nothing sells like a pre - sold title .
i think it was a fun movie .
peter parker ( andrew garfield ) sneaks into a research facility and gets bitten by a radioactive / genetically enhanced spider . he gets super powers and becomes spider - man .
this is not a bad film . it  ' s well acted by all the principals , has good effects , a scary and menacing villain , some nice action sequences and web swinging effects that are generally slightly more realistic than the rami version .
it  ' s fair to say that for anyone over the age of eighteen , this movie will seem rather half - hearted and senseless ; for those under eighteen , this movie will probably be the greatest super hero flick ever .
however the constant joking around kinda bogged it down for me .
i think it was very entertaining and a good family movie .
barbossa agrees but craftily applies another loophole and maroons elizabeth and jack on a deserted island ( the same island jack was on ten years before ) and throws jack  ' s crew into the brig .
a great adventure . well played swordfighting . great laughs . great music . and great story .
pirates are back in my good book .
the entire trilogy is gold in my opinion .
i like the one in which max is put on probation .
one of the greatest films ever ? i do n ' t think that  ' s an understatement , and i  ' m not just saying it cause i  ' m a bill murray fan and he happens to be in it .
the whole thing is seriously funny and somehow seriously real , but at the same time does n ' t always take itself seriously .
but i do n ' t think plot necessarily matters when it comes to making a quality film . it has a fantastic script , believable character development , and top - notch acting , and that  ' s what counts in making a memorable film .
wes anderson reaches cinematic excellence with rushmore
i liked the one in which cobb was explaining how dreams work
there is only one word to describe the cinematography , the set designs and the special effects , and that is exceptional !
you do n ' t just watch the scenes happening , you feel them . the movie is a real thrill ride .
leonardo , who is still popularly known for jack dawson played by him in titanic , should be relieved as his role as dom cobb will be remembered forever . his performance may or may not fetch him an oscar but it will be his finest performance till date .
when cobb was alone in the van towards the end in the water , still dreaming , would n ' t he have been killed in the dream because of the water ? and would n ' t that have put him into limbo ?
i think it was a great ending to an everlasting trilogy .
kung fu panda is a concept so ridiculous that we think to ourselves ... it is actually genius .
jack black returns as the lovable po , and shows us just why we missed him so much in the years we had to wait .
the story is brilliant , it keeps everyone entertained and never lingers on for too long .
such a beautiful film . not as dark as the previous kung fu panda , but still a pleasure to watch .
i like the one in which butch has an intimate conversation with the taxi driver ,
i have to say that this is the best film i have seen without doubt and i do n ' t expect it will be beaten as far as i am concerned .
of course you missed something . you  ' ve only seen it once . watch it again . great movies deserve multiple viewings .
obviously times move on , and i acknowledge that due to its violence and one particularly uncomfortable scene this film is not for everyone , but i still remember watching it for the first time , and it blew me away . anyone who watches it now has to remember that it actually changed the history of cinema .
one of the best movies of the century !
i liked the one in which ryan gosling does the lift with emma stone
my initial reaction is that this film is the best romantic comedy that i  ' ve seen in years .
has tremendous heart and charisma and it  ' s so very easy to get caught up in to the lives of these characters . a certain degree of patience is required while viewing because some secondary characters that feel unnecessary to the story are worth getting to know .
the entire cast here is perfection . the overall message may be one to debate but it does n ' t matter because the ride and this film are just so smart and so well done .
i enjoyed everything about this movie .
my favorite character was the chubby boy
let the right one in  "  is , at its heart , a sweet coming - of - age story which is so unique and different that it simply defies categorization .
a fantastic love story .
has a storyline which , although it reveals some secrets early on , is best left as a surprise .
production values are stellar , with all technical aspects  -  -  lighting , original music by johan soderqvist , and hoyte van hoytema  ' s cinematography  -  -  combining in perfect synchronization to produce a hitchockian tale that somehow brings love and light into what could have been the darkest drama imaginable .
i like the one in which the main character  ' s jet was shot down in the beginning of the movie .
jack says he did and that he has had the boner for over 4 hours .
greg is alarmed and tells jack he must get an adrenaline shot as soon as possible .
the  "  twists  "  of this film are set up so conspicuously that as they unfold , it  ' s like you know what happens because you  ' ve seen it before .
objectively it  ' s a terrible movie , but i laughed my ass off . i guess it  ' s hard to live your pretentious life from up there .
my favorite character was jason bourne
richard was killed , with his death set up to look like a terrorist attack and being the incentive for bourne to join in the first place .
lacklustre story line lacking intelligence , dialogue , and character development .
i am a big fan of the franchise and my expectations may have been too high for this sequel .
i feel like jason bourne seriously needs more than 25 lines of dialogue .
my favorite character was nicholas angel as he is the hero of this story .
essentially perfect and endlessly quotable .
the other police officers are content with explanation , despite nick  ' s concerns about the lack of skid marks at the scene .
the humor , pegg and frost  ' s chemistry , the action , the editing , and the direction it  ' s just all awesome !
this film works both as an out - and - out comedy but also as a high paced action film and also manages to showcase the directing talents of edgar wright and the acting of simon pegg ( who can really *act* )
i think it  ' s one of the best mob movies ever made .
george initially refuses to cooperate , even after malone assaults him .
as i noted before the film is brilliantly directed , with some scenes such as the one with the baseball bat , or the one with the baby in the train station , having become classic .
the acting is superb , and while connery was the one who received his well - deserved oscar , kostner and de niro made oscar - class performances too .
brian de palma  ' s masterpiece .
my favorite character was ashley , played by laura gordon , such an underdeveloped and underappreciated character in the movie .
jigsaw  ' s puppet tells the group to decide which of them will be  "  the odd man out .  " 
charles beats mallick with a pole down to the ground , with the intent of sacrificing mallick  ' s life so the rest can escape to safety .
i  ' ve enjoyed all of the saw films , predictably liking some episodes a lot more than others , and saw v is , again , very watchable , with some intense moments and no shortage of grisliness .
the first 3 are the best , but the rest are fun .
i think it was a pretty good bond film , probably daniel craig  ' s best .
silva , meanwhile , makes his way down a stairway at temple tube station .
as for the motive , fairly tenuous and uninteresting : blondie signed up for the mi6 many years back , m sent him on a mission , things go wrong on the mission , blondie gets captured ( we do n ' t get shown any of this ) and years later blondie feels as though he wants to kill an older , moodier and fairly unendearing
as for the axe to the back  -  not exactly bond - like .
i loved that they brought back the original office , with the same desk , coat rack and leather padded door .
i liked the one which had kris fowles transitioning into the dream in class .
quentin uncovers krueger  ' s  "  magic cave  "  and the evidence that proves krueger was physically and sexually abusing all of the children .
it  ' s a darker take on a character that had fallen into parody .
freddy  ' s not scary ; worse , he  ' s not even interesting .
where was the whimsical world of nightmares ?
my favorite character was the spanard .
the grief - stricken boy vowed to avenge his father and spent the next twenty years studying swordsmanship and searching for the six - fingered man .
i watched it with my parents when i was very young , and have been watching it constantly ever since .
this movie , quite simply , puts the viewer into an imaginative world where everything seems real .
i read the book . one of my favorite books ever . then i saw the movie . ruined the book for me forever .
i liked the one in which susan sees a strange man on the subway platform , but he turns out to be a giant insect who unfolds wings and grabs her .
she offers them $ 10 for everything ; they accept it and leave .
with a continuous build - up of suspense and terror , watching this film you never really know whether or not any of the leading protagonists will make it out alive .
the science fiction story line is almost convincing enough to make parts of the plot seem possible .
love movies where not even the kids are safe . really adds that next level danger and urgency .
my favorite character was heather donahue because she was motivated and determined , albeit very stubborn .
three film students go to burkittsville , maryland to make a documentary on the blair witch legend .
the three go missing , but a year later their footage is found in a bag inexplicably buried under an abandoned 100 - year - old house .
i wonder if the film might not have been improved with an introductory section which documented how the rushes were found and edited .
they really should have done more with the rock piles and voodoo figures .
my favorite character was the mom she was realistic
sam scores four strikes in a row , but when mason goes up to roll , he misses .
he asks his dad to get bumpers set up , but mason sr. says bumpers are not necessary , and that we do n ' t use bumpers in life , as it takes the fun and challenge out of things .
there are the same problems , the same ways , the same love inside us .
i really wanted to know what happened to his step - brother and sister .
i think the movie was a wonderful cinematic experience for his time .
charlie spends one night wandering about town thinking of the chance he missed , but is back at school the next day , doing his best to put it all behind him .
wilder has been known in the circles of movie creators as a creative genius for many years .
here , his acting ability showcases that genius .
one of my all - time favourites .
i think it was an epic tale which perfectly portrayed the frustration of those who are mediocre at what they are passionate about .
salieri secretly observes mozart at the archbishop  ' s palace , but they are not properly introduced .
salieri sees that offstage , mozart is irreverent and lewd .
i just love it , and not because of my fixation on mozart , but because it is a beautifully made , completely moving work of art .
at my age , i realize that i too , am a patron saint of mediocrity .
i liked the one which the team set up the robbery .
linus still appears reluctant until reuben abruptly tells him to  "  get in the god damn house  "  with everybody else .
however , this time around with a brand new script and an immensely prosperous cast and crew we have ended up with a film ten times better than the original .
in the case of this adaption we are safe in the knowledge that the actors at least wanted to be there and that they all had fun making it .
i think it  ' s the platonic ideal of a heist movie .
i liked the one in which neville realizes in the alternate ending that the infected humans still have some of their humanity .
robert , anna and ethan retreat to the basement lab .
during the hectic fight , robert has time to realize that the infected female he had captured earlier and tested the virus vaccine on , has come back to her human form .
this film could easily have filled 2.5 hours of content .
the original ending would have probably been better , but we  ' ve only got the one .
i liked the one in which tackleberry meets mrs. feldman .
through his loss zed gains a love interest , laura ( corinne bohrer ) , a reporter / photographer who has come to the academy to view lassard  ' s cop program and takes a fancy to former gang leader zed .
a gaggle of society  ' s goofiest citizens have taken advantage of a new policy to loosen hiring standards at the police force and actually made it through despite efforts from all directions to get them thrown out .
this time , commandant lassard has come up with a scheme he calls citizens on patrol ( c. o. p. get it ? get it ? ) , in which he elaborates slightly on the plot of the original movie .
pa4 : not just another funny movie .
i liked the one in which he goes home to see his wife and family . a brutal reminder as to why he does what he does .
the story takes place in new york and new jersey during the great depression , a time when people experienced the worst economic hardship in u. s. history .
down and out guy gets a break and makes the most of it .
he  ' s fighting for his family , he  ' s fighting for all those other hopeless people . been there , done that .
i honestly though it was going to suck like maleficent but this was how you make a remake i thought it was amazing .
my favorite character was alice .
he  ' s never wanted a human  ' s blood as much as he wants hers .
bella replies that she does n ' t care and insists she trusts him to maintain control .
the movie made me realize just how corny the book  ' s dialogue was .
the movie is definitely worth watching . the visuals are lovely , the acting is convincing and its message is important and very topical .
i liked the one in which cobb finally meets saito in limbo .
before eames can shoot him to end his misery and wake him up , cobb stops him and explains that , due to the sedatives they  ' ve taken , they wo n ' t wake up if they die .
cobb had been involved so much in his heist work that he had lost his love !
you do n ' t just watch the scenes happening , you feel them .
nolan  ' s first true masterpiece .
i liked the one in which kirk fights martia a shapeshifter who has transformed herself into kirk  ' s body double .
among them is the klingon ambassador , who defends his government  ' s arrest of kirk .
this is the best of the film series for several reasons .
the klingon attack scene at the end is great unrelenting action and was better than khan  ' s attack on the enterprise in part ii
the best of the bunch with the original cast . a great send - off !
